**Vanilla:** 「Ah... uhm, what about the store...?」
**Chocola:** 「When Chocola came back, she turned the sign over to "CLOSED," so it should be fine, right~?」
**Chocola:** 「Even if Master said no right now, you can't hold on any longer, can you?」
**Vanilla:** 「Uuuh, that's... uhm...!」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, you're already this wet...」
**Chocola:** 「Master can see it too, can't he?」
**Kashou:** 「Y-Yeah... I can even tell from the outside of your underwear...」
**Vanilla:** 「Myeow... Don't say such things...」
You could tell just by looking that her panties were soaked...
... and she wore an expression you'd never imagine her to be capable of.
Hot breath spilled out of her.
**Kashou:** 「... Well, it'd be a problem if Vanilla became sick because of this.」
**Kashou:** 「Also...」
**Kashou:** 「... I don't think I can stop myself at this point, anyway.」
**Vanilla:** 「By can't stop yourself... you mean...」
**Vanilla:** 「Meooow... Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「Don't... don't say such things...」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, what's the matter, Vanilla? You're trembling...」
**Chocola:** 「Could it be that you're happy to think that Master has been looking at you with lustful eyes?」
**Vanilla:** 「N-No...! That's not it...!」
**Chocola:** 「Ohh, that's not it? Really~?」
**Vanilla:** 「......」
**Vanilla:** 「... Th-The thought of Master looking at me with lustful eyes...」
**Vanilla:** 「... made me feel suddenly really embarrassed... My heart's racing... Myeoow...」
**Chocola:** 「Yeah yeah! Being honest makes Master happy, too~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Isn't that right? Master~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, it's cute when Vanilla is honest.」
**Vanilla:** 「If you tell me that at a time like this... it's troubling...」
Vanilla's concerned look was so cute.
She knew that Chocola was saying this stuff on purpose, too.
... When seeing her facial expression like that, I think anyone would agree.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee! Don't worry, you're cute, Vanilla~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「So to pay you back for before, Chocola will take care of you now, okay?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, wait...! Chocola, if you do that so suddenly...! 」
**Chocola:** 「Mhm, slurp... lick, shlurp...」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah... ahh...! Ah, uwah...!」
Chocola's tongue rolled around Vanilla's nipple.
Uncontainable moans spilled out from Vanilla with each flick of Chocola's tongue.
**Vanilla:** 「A-Ah...! Choco... la...! M-Myeoow...!」
**Chocola:** 「Mhm... Your nipples sure have gotten hard~ ♪ Mmph, slurp, slurp~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla makes such a feminine voice too, huh? Lick, mmph, shlurp~」
**Vanilla:** 「This... h-haah...! My voice just does this... on it's own-- mmh, meow...!」
She desperately tried to endure the pleasure and muffle her moans...
... but her incredibly erotic breathing still escaped from her lips.
I gulped as I witnessed the scene before my eyes.
**Chocola:** 「Ahah, Master is making a lewd face, too~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Come on, don't just stand there. Vanilla's spot is feeling lonely here... Won't you take care of it?」
Chocola raised the hem of Vanilla's skirt...
... and spread Vanilla's legs.
**Vanilla:** 「No...! A-Ah... wait...!」
**Kashou:** 「... Vanilla.」
I ignored Vanilla's reluctance...
... and slipped my hand into her skirt.
**Vanilla:** 「Ah...! Gah, Master... Not... there...!」
I ran my fingers over her slowly.
It felt so soaked that it was like there wasn't any cloth there at all.
Vanilla looked away, biting her bottom lip in embarrassment.
**Kashou:** 「... You're... absolutely dripping.」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, mmh...! I'm... in heat... I can't help it... mhn...!」
**Kashou:** 「Weren't you just saying you'd be honest with me?」
**Vanilla:** 「Th-That's...!」
**Chocola:** 「Master, Vanilla said she wants you to touch her more so she becomes more honest~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「I see, so that's what she means.」
**Vanilla:** 「N-No...! P-Please, wait a moment...!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm already trembling...! Just from being touched...!」
She grabbed onto my arm in resistance.
But since she couldn't put any real force behind it, she looked at me imploringly instead.
**Kashou:** 「... All right. In that case...」
**Vanilla:** 「Uwaaahhh...! Ah, haah...! M-Master...! Aaahh...!!」
**Kashou:** 「Woah, it's slick inside, too...」
**Kashou:** 「Are you okay? Does it hurt?」
**Vanilla:** 「I-It doesn't hurt...! I-It feels good... Ah, myeoowww...!」
Schlick, schlurge, schloock.
Her slipperiness and warmth...
... permeated right to the base of my finger.
As I pushed inside Vanilla with the tip of my finger...
... she gasped, and her body trembled.
**Chocola:** 「Oh, Vanilla! You're making such naughty sounds...! ♪ Haahh...」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, ah...! W-Wait...! This is really... too intense...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Please, give me just a... a bit...!」
**Chocola:** 「Master, Vanilla says she wants you to stir her insides up a lot more~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「You don't need to tell me... It feels good right here, doesn't it?」
I lifted my finger up, pushing against the top part of her entrance.
**Vanilla:** 「Myeooow! Meow, ohhh! Don't... not there...!」
**Vanilla:** 「If you... if you do that...! C-Come... I'll come...! Aaaahh...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Nnhhh... Ah! Haah, ahn...! Ah... Myeooowww...!!」
Her body convulsed as she gasped.
Vanilla's insides squeezed tightly around my fingers...
... but I continued to press them against on the same spot.
**Vanilla:** 「Master...! C-Came... I... already came, so...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, ahhh...! Don't... If you keep doing that... again, I'll...!」
**Chocola:** 「Again, you say? Come again? You feel like you're going to come again?」
**Vanilla:** 「Myeoowwww...! C-Come... Coming... I'm going to... coooooooome...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Hah, haahh... Master, Chocola... Hah, ahh...」
**Chocola:** 「Ahah! ♪ Vanilla's face is so cute when she comes~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「We want to see much, much more of it! Isn't that right, Master?」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah. This rare side of Vanilla's is pretty cute.」
**Vanilla:** 「D-Don't...! Anymore and I'll...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Really, unless I take a break... I'm... I'm going to die...!」
She flopped her head left and right flimsily, looking like she was going to burst into tears.
... Oh man, that really made me shiver.
I guess I always had a tiny bit of a sadistic streak...
**Chocola:** 「If Vanilla wants to take a break, then she'll need to make Master feel good too, right?」
**Vanilla:** 「Make Master feel good...」
**Chocola:** 「Now then, Master! ♪ Pardon me~」
Chocola placed her hands on my pants.
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, Master... Mmm, lick, hahh... Lick, shlurp...」
**Chocola:** 「Just like that! ♪ Work it more with your lips and use your drool...」
**Vanilla:** 「Mhn... like this...? Hahh, shlurp... lick, sucph...」
**Chocola:** 「So, Master, right...? Right around the head and the back of it where it caves in a bit are where it feels good for him.」
**Vanilla:** 「Around the head... Where it caves in...?」
**Vanilla:** 「Mhm, around here... slurp, lick, lick... Hmph...」
She used her tongue on me just as Chocola had showed her.
The tip of her tongue sought out my reaction.
**Kashou:** 「It feels good, Vanilla... Vanilla's tongue and mouth... guh...」
**Vanilla:** 「My lips, also... Mmph... Feel good, Master... Slurp, mhm, mnh...」
**Vanilla:** 「Yes, I'll do my best... so feel good, Master... Mhm, lick, shlurp, li--」
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla, don't just use your tongue. Try putting it in your mouth... It's even more amazing.」
**Vanilla:** 「More...? More amazing...?」
**Chocola:** 「Your mouth will be filled up by Master even more~!」
**Chocola:** 「Pre-cum comes out as it throbs and the smell is so amazing~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「It's so amazing, you'll lose yourself in it~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Lots of Master's pre-cum...? Mmh... Hah, ah...!」
My body shivered as she stretched her tongue over my shaft.
She exhaled shallow, steamy breaths as her eyes dripped with ecstasy.
I suddenly throbbed in response.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, Master is saying "faster, faster!"」
**Chocola:** 「You want to put it in your mouth too. Right, Vanilla?」
**Vanilla:** 「Haahh... Yes, I want to put Master's inside my mouth...」
**Chocola:** 「Then, come on~ Master needs to hurry up and let Vanilla taste it with her mouth! ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Yes... Master, feel good... with my mouth... mmh...」
**Vanilla:** 「Mh, Mmhn... Mmph, Master... Mmh, mmph...」
**Kashou:** 「Guhph... Vanilla, you're going too...! Guuhh...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Mas...ter... Mmph, mm... shlup, shlurp...」
**Chocola:** 「Ahah, Vanilla is going at it so roughly~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「You wanted to suck on Master's that much? How cute~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah~ ♪ Amazing... Mhm, slurp, mmhn~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「It's just like, mmh... Chocola said... it's amazing~ ♪ Mmph, mmh~ ♪」
While making such obscene schlicking sounds...
... she used her lips, tongue, and the inside of her mouth to suck on me.
The front of her tongue crept over the bottom of my shaft...
... while her lips clasped around me from the tip all the way until the base.
She moved her neck and pushed it up against the wall cheek.
**Kashou:** 「Va-Vanilla...! Hold on...! That's...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master's flavor... mhm, really... makes me go crazy...!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm starting to want Master's semen... Th-The really thick stuff...」
**Vanilla:** 「If I keep trying, will it come out...? Will you... cum in my mouth...?」
**Kashou:** 「I-I'll cum... but this is... is just too good...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmhn, gulp~ ♪ Teehee... Something really thick came out~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm doing my best... so feel really good, okay, Master...?」
**Vanilla:** 「Mhmn, mmph...! Shlurp slurph...!」
She sucked intently.
Her usually solemn face was now flushed a deep pink color...
... as she held back her erotic moans...
... and desperately tried her best to make me cum.
**Kashou:** 「Guuhh...! Vanilla... I'm close...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Pwhah... Are you going to come...? Are you going to shoot out lots of semen...?」
**Vanilla:** 「You can come whenever you want, Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「So feel really good and cum a lot...」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmhn, slurp, mmph, shlurp~」
**Kashou:** 「Vanil...la...! Gah... I'm... really... nghh...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmh...! Mnm, mmph...! Master... mmh...!」
**Kashou:** 「Uwah... Vanilla...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmhn...! Mmh, gulp... slurp, gloop, glulp...!! Mmh...!!」
I came over and over again inside Vanilla's mouth...
... and she gulped it down each time I pulsed.
She continued to close down around me with her mouth without moving away.
**Vanilla:** 「Mhm... slurp, gulp... shlurp, slurp... Mmhn, gulp...」
**Vanilla:** 「Pwah... There's so much... mhmn... gooey stuff... filling my mouth~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「This is... Master's flavor... Mhmn... it's so naughty... Haahh~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Both inside my mouth and my body... are filled with Master's scent~ ♪」
Lapping up the dribbling semen from the corner of her mouth...
... she turned her gaze towards me with an enraptured smile.
**Kashou:** 「... Vanilla. You're making an incredibly lewd face...」
**Chocola:** 「Yeah, Vanilla's like that because of how lewd Master's semen was~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Watching Vanilla drink Master's semen sent so many shivers down Chocola's spine~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola also remembers... the flavor of Master's semen~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Can you give Chocola... some of Master's semen, too?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, Chocola...」
**Chocola:** 「Mhmn, lick, shlurp, mmph... Vanilla... mm, mmph...」
**Vanilla:** 「Chocola... Mmnh, slurp, lick... mmnh...」
**Chocola:** 「Mmph~ ♪ It tastes like both Vanilla and Master~ ♪ Slurp, mm, mmph...」
**Vanilla:** 「Chocola~ ♪ Mmph, slurp, mmnh... Hah, your kiss... feels so good~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Mmnh, lick... Look, Vanilla, it's spilling out... right from the corner of your mouth... slurp, mmnh...」
**Chocola:** 「Master's semen... Mmph, slu...rp...」
**Vanilla:** 「Yeah... I'll give Chocola some, too... lick, lick, slurp...」
Chocola lapped up the semen on Vanilla's face with the tip of her tongue.
After each of them filled their mouths with saliva, they began to work on my shaft.
**Kashou:** 「... You two are too lewd.」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee~ ♪ Vanilla, Master said that we were lewd... Mm, mmhn~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmnh, I'm happy~ ♪ In that case, I'll slurp... shlurp, lick it more~ ♪」
They intertwined their tongues together as if to show off to me.
A line of saliva stretched between the two of their mouths until it broke.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee~ ♪ Master, are you still ready to go?」
**Chocola:** 「Please take care of Vanilla all the way to the end~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm ready for you...」
She gazed at me with amorous eyes...
... as hot breath leaked from her lips.
I gently rubbed her cheek.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I'll go all the way with you, Vanilla, and make you my catpanion.」
**Vanilla:** 「... Yes. Come to me, Master.」
**Vanilla:** 「Make me yours, too...」
**Vanilla:** 「Ahh... Ah, ah...! Mmah...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master...! Ah... Ahh...! Myeoo...oow...!」
Wet sounds resounded throughout the room...
... as I slowly inserted myself into Vanilla.
There was no resistance as I pushed myself into her slippery entrance...
... and buried myself base-deep into Vanilla.
**Vanilla:** 「Haahh... ah...! What is... this feeling...!」
**Vanilla:** 「It's all the way deep inside my body...! Ah, ahh...!!」
**Kashou:** 「Are you okay, Vanilla...?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, meow... I'm... okay, mhn...」
**Vanilla:** 「I can feel the pulsing... from deep inside my body and... myeowww...」
**Chocola:** 「Oh Vanilla, you're already making such a naughty face from just taking it inside you~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「It's... it's just so amazing... haah, ah...」
**Vanilla:** 「By just having Master's inside me... haah, it feels good... so amazing~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah... Being inside Vanilla feels really good for me, too.」
**Vanilla:** 「Meow...! Y-You can't say such a thing right now...!」
**Vanilla:** 「If you say something like that now, I'll, ah, myeoowww...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, ah...! Meow, uhn... mmnh... hah, ahhhh...!」
She bit down on her own finger, trying to hold back her voice.
Her chest moved up and down as her body shook.
**Chocola:** 「Ahah~ ♪ Vanilla... you're twitching so much~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Could it be that... you're coming just from having Master put it inside you?」
**Vanilla:** 「Meow... Don't say that...! Because, because...」
**Vanilla:** 「... When Master says he feels good, it makes me shiver for some reason... Hyauuh...」
She desperately closed her quivering lips...
... and squeezed her eyes shut, withstanding the intense pleasure.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, she's so overwhelmed, she can't even speak~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Okay, Chocola will join in and tease Vanilla's boobs, just the way she likes it~」
**Vanilla:** 「Cho...cola...! Not... now...! Wait...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Meooooow...! Ah, aaah...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, hah...! Chocola... mmh, mnah...! Dooon't...」
**Vanilla:** 「If you squeeze... my nipples, I can't... h-hold back my voice...! Ah, mhmn... hah...!」
Chocola squeezed down on...
... Vanilla's stiff, erect nipples.
She then rolled them around in her fingers lewdly...
... to see how Vanilla responded.
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla's little spots here... They've gotten so hard~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「If you're feeling it this much after being treated like that, Chocola thinks Vanilla might be a masochist!」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, it's starting to pour out from down there.」
**Vanilla:** 「N-No... I'm not a masochist, mwahh?!」
**Chocola:** 「You need to be more honest. Should Chocola keep teasing you?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, sto-- Aah...! If you do it like that, I won't be able to spea... ah, haah!」
**Vanilla:** 「Yes, I'm a masochist...! I'm a masochist that likes being teased...!」
**Vanilla:** 「So, p-please wait...! I'm really going to go crazy...!」
**Chocola:** 「Nfuh, Vanilla is just so cute, meow~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Well then, Chocola's going to do it a lot, looooot more, okay?」
**Vanilla:** 「Aahh, mmhhhnn...! I can't take... take... anymore...! Any more than this and I'll...! ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Having Chocola and Master do this to me is too...! Myeoooww...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, haah, haah... wuah...」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee~ She feels so good that her mind's going blank, huh?」
**Chocola:** 「But... you know, Master?」
Chocola looked over towards me.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, you don't even have to say. Got it.」
**Kashou:** 「I'm gonna start moving, Vanilla.」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah... D-Don't...! Any more than this and I'll...! ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I'll really...! Really go craaaazy, meoow! ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Aaahh! Ah, meoow! Yahhh!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Don't... not that...! Master, no, ahh!!」
She began to raise her voice.
Her insides squeezed around me...
... from the base up to the tip of my shaft.
**Kashou:** 「Guh... Vanilla's insides... are amazing...」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, ah! Mnah! I'm happy... so happy~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Master feels good... No... I-I'm so happy, my hips are moving...!」
**Chocola:** 「It's true, she's moving her hips all on her own~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla always has such a straight face, but she really is a pervert, meow! ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Aaahh! Meow, aah! Hiih, ah, mnah!!」
**Vanilla:** 「I feel like I'm going crazy...! I'm... I'm going to break... Aaah...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm... g-going to come...! I'm coming...!!」
**Kashou:** 「Good, go ahead and come.」
**Kashou:** 「I'll make sure to watch you closely.」
**Vanilla:** 「Meooow... Y-You... you can't do that~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「If you tell me something like that...! It's going to make me... Mmmnuunnhh...!!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah...! Ah, aahh..! Ah... mnah, ahh...!」
**Kashou:** 「The face you made when you just came was really cute, Vanilla.」
**Kashou:** 「It's so cute. I want to see it again.」
I whispered that into her ear without stopping my movement.
**Vanilla:** 「M-Master...! I-I came...! Even though I just came, you're...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, aahh! Don't! I already came! Wait... wait a moment...!」
**Kashou:** 「So what if you came already?」
**Kashou:** 「I haven't come yet.」
**Vanilla:** 「O-Oh, no way~ ♪ Ah, uaahh! 」
**Vanilla:** 「T-To keep going even while I'm coming~ ♪ That's... so awful...! Ah, uaah!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, aaahhh!! I'm coming over and over... I'm really going to die... I'll dieeee... meooowwww!!」
She desperately begged me for mercy...
... as her small body shuddered...
... but the movement of her own hips didn't slow down.
Rather, they were trying to push me deeper, even further inside of her as if wanting more.
**Chocola:** 「Chocola doesn't think she can hold back either~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla... mhmn.」
**Chocola:** 「Fwmph.... mmhn... slurp... shlurp...」
**Vanilla:** 「Chocola...! Mmph, slurp...! Fmmh, mmph...!!」
**Chocola:** 「Mreoww~ ♪ Vanilla's mouth tastes so lewd from Master's semen~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Mmhn, more... Chocola wants you to pretend she's Master and lick her like you did him~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Pretend it's Master's... slurp, mmh... mhnk, slurp~ ♪」
They once again intertwined their tongues, this time much more violently than before.
Chocola was also using her own fingers...
... and was making the same wet schlicking sounds as Vanilla.
**Chocola:** 「Vanilla's kiss... is so good~ ♪ More... slurp, slurp... mmhn...」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmh~ ♪ Slurp, slurrrp... Mwhah, slurp, mmh~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmh, pwah...! Nyooohhh... I-I'm really going to...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master's has gotten even harder than earlier...! Ah, ah, aaah...!」
**Chocola:** 「Mufuh, it's fine... come as many times as you like~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola will watch your cute face really closely... so let's come together...?」
**Chocola:** 「Come with us, Master... mm, slurp, shlurp, mmph...」
**Vanilla:** 「Yes, together... lick, slurp, mmkh... I want everyone to come~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I'll hold on... so let's all come together...」
Engrossed in intertwining their tongues...
... they looked towards me, almost as if they were beckoning me.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I'm close to coming, too.」
**Kashou:** 「You can hold on for just a bit, can't you, Vanilla?」
I grabbed onto Vanilla's legs with my hands...
... and picked up the pace as I thrust into her.
**Vanilla:** 「Haaah! Ah, aah! Mnaah!!」
**Vanilla:** 「No! Ah, this... i-is too amazing...! Mmah!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Meow, ah! Aaahh! No, I'm really... going crazy--!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah... ah, ahhh! Master, Master...! Meoowwww!!」
Shlurp, shlurp, shloop, shlurp.
**Chocola:** 「Mhmn, ah... amazing, Vanilla's love juice is pouring out~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I can feel it on me too.」
**Vanilla:** 「Meow! Ah, haah! Because... that is...! Mreow!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm holding back... from coming...! I'm losing my mind... Mmh...!!」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee~ ♪ Mmhm, you're not allowed to... come before the rest of us, okay? ♪」
**Chocola:** 「... That's because we're all going... to come... together~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Aah! Hah, yes, yes...! I won't come yet...!」
**Vanilla:** 「It feels like I'm going to go crazy, but...! I'll do my best to hang on until Master and Chocola come...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「S-So...! So keep doing this, and make me go crazy all you want, Master~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I want... I want Master to violate me any way he likes...! Ah, aah! ah, aaah!!」
**Kashou:** 「Chocola, Vanilla...! I'm gonna come...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Yes, yes...! Come, Master! Come whenever you want...!」
**Vanilla:** 「We're going to come... together...! If you shoot a lot out, that will be enough for me...!」
**Chocola:** 「Mm, Chocola, too... I've been holding back this whole time...!」
**Chocola:** 「Whenever you want, Master... Mm, come...!!」
Shlurp, shloop, shloop, shlurph.
I was engrossed in even more pleasure than before.
It came to the point where I wasn't even able to contain it myself.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I'm coming... I'm going to let out everything inside Vanilla...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Mmh... Let out lots, deep inside of Vanilla...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, aah...! Aaah...! Don't! I'm really... going to... Ah, no...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm going... to come again...! Something amazing is coming...!」
**Chocola:** 「Ah, aah... meow...! Mm, aaah...!!」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola, too... She's going to-- Chocola's... coming...! Chocola's coming at the same time as Master and Vanilla...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah... aah...! Chocola...! M-Me too...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah... I'm c-coming... coming, coming...! I'm coming...!!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Meoooooow...!! Ah, mnyaaaaah...!!」
**Chocola:** 「Mmm...! Ah, meow...! Mmmmnnyaah...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Aah...! A-Amazing... So deep inside...!」
**Vanilla:** 「M-Master is filling me up inside...!! A-Ahhh...!!!」
**Kashou:** 「Again... Vanilla is...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Aah, fuwah...! Ah... Master is still coming... Aahh...!!」
As I thrust myself into the deepest part of Vanilla...
... my body stiffened as my semen poured into her.
As Vanilla's body trembled...
... and she clung to me tightly...
... as if to suck out all of my semen, down to the very last drop.
**Vanilla:** 「Haah... haah... haah... Mas...ter... haaaah...」
**Vanilla:** 「Wow... Master's is filling me all up inside~ ♪ Ah... haah~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola came... a lot, too~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Teehee. Oh, Vanilla... your body is still trembling~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I can't help it... My body is still throbbing... Meow... Hauu...」
**Chocola:** 「Mm, I understand. It's okay~ ♪」
Chocola rubbed against Vanilla's cheek.
**Vanilla:** 「Was I... able to love Master properly... like a woman...?」
**Vanilla:** 「Did I do as well... as Chocola...?」
Still savoring the lingering feeling inside of Vanilla...
... I gently caressed her cheek.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, you did well. I got your feelings loud and clear, Vanilla.」
**Kashou:** 「Thanks, Vanilla.」
Her eyes gleamed in relief after hearing my words.
**Vanilla:** 「Teehee... Thank goodness... I'm so glad that I was able to do well, too...」
She rubbed her cheek against my hand.
Vanilla is so cute when she's honest.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, so Vanilla can make a face like this...」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola feels a bit jealous, even if it's for Master, meow~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Mhmn... I especially love you, Chocola...」
**Vanilla:** 「... so you don't need to be jealous...」
**Chocola:** 「Ahah, Vanilla is just so cute~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Master? Could you give Vanilla and Chocola... one last loving kiss, please?」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah. I'll give you many as you want.」
I gently picked up Vanilla's strengthless body...
... and gave both of my cute catgirls a soft kiss on their lips.
