**Shigure:** 「... It's from overwork. For now, you need to let your body rest.」
**Shigure:** 「When you said Nii-sama seemed odd, I flew over here to see what was the matter.」
**Shigure:** 「Oh, Nii-sama, just what am I supposed to do with you, for heaven's sake?」
Sitting next to the bed, Shigure let out a big sigh.
**Chocola:** 「Overwork? What's that?」
**Shigure:** 「More formally, it's called "chronic fatigue," but...」
**Shigure:** 「... to put it simply, it's what happens when your body is too tired.」
**Vanilla:** 「But he was so energetic up until yesterday...」
**Shigure:** 「When you become overtired, you can actually stop noticing how exhausted you are.」
**Chocola:** 「... You mean if you get too tired, you become energetic?」
**Vanilla:** 「Then...」
**Chocola:** 「...... Blush~」
**Vanilla:** 「...... Blush~」
**Kashou:** 「... For the record, it's not what you two are thinking.」
**Chocola:** 「Myaow, just what are you saying Chocola is thinking about?!」
**Vanilla:** 「I think it's the fault of the person who causes misunderstandings!」
**Shigure:** 「Now, now. We can discuss Nii-sama's prowess later.」
**Shigure:** 「But for now, we should get him to a clinic.」
**Kashou:** 「Wait a minute. What was that casual little remark just now?」
**Shigure:** 「Nii-sama, I said I love you. It was just my usual whisper of love. Ohoho~」
**Vanilla:** 「Some fatty tuna fell out of Shigure's sleeve!」
**Chocola:** 「Fatty tuna! Meow, it's super fatty tuna!」
**Shigure:** 「Oh, my, please excuse me. Swipe~」
**Kashou:** 「Just why did you bring that fatty tuna with you?」
She's clearly ready for everything...!
The two drooling catgirls behind her were ready for everything and anything too.
... Gah, do I have no choice but to stop hiding things from Shigure?!
**Shigure:** 「In all seriousness, though. Depending on how bad he is, he might need to be hospitalized.」
**Shigure:** 「It doesn't matter how young you are or how much stamina you have. Chronic fatigue destroys your ability to recover.」
**Kashou:** 「Hey, don't make a fuss just because I can't get up.」
**Kashou:** 「I'm not going to close the shop just because I'm a little dizzy.」
**Kashou:** 「We're at a crucial time with our clientele increasing and all...」
**Shigure:** 「Forget the store! If you keep this up you could die, you know!」
**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Huh?! Die?!」
**Shigure:** 「If you die, the bakery will close forever. Do you really want that?」
**Chocola:** 「Master! You can't die! You absolutely can't!」
**Vanilla:** 「I don't want to be a widowed catgirl...! Master, you can't!」
... She was angry. Shigure was clearly angry.
From my experience, Shigure was at her most upset when she smiled while angry.
Even the catgirls themselves seemed pretty serious, too.
**Kashou:** 「... You guys say the scariest things sometimes.」
**Shigure:** 「I'm merely stating objective fact.」
**Shigure:** 「Well, it's fine. Once Nii-sama has departed this life, I won't be far behind him.」
She said that without missing a beat, smiling as usual.
**Kashou:** 「... Please stop with jokes like that.」
**Shigure:** 「Now do you understand where our concern is coming from?」
**Kashou:** 「... I guess.」
**Shigure:** 「You'll get some rest then, right?」
**Shigure:** 「Or would you prefer to be forced into an ambulance?」
At my vague reply, her face started getting closer and closer.
... The pressure from her smile was terrifying.
At this point, I didn't seem to have a choice.
**Kashou:** 「... Got it. I'll be a good boy and get some sleep.」
**Kashou:** 「That's definitely better than being hospitalized.」
**Shigure:** 「That's right. I like it when Nii-sama gives in to reason.」
**Shigure:** 「Although, when Nii-sama doesn't give in, that's good in a way, too. Blush~」
**Kashou:** 「Cut it out. I already said I'd be good and get some sleep.」
Shigure gave a satisfied nod at my answer.
At least for today, I'd give in.
... Plus, it was true that I couldn't work like this.
**Chocola:** 「Master, are you all right?」
**Vanilla:** 「Master, you all right...?」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I'm fine. There's no point in making this much of a fuss.」
**Chocola:** 「Oh, that's really... H-Hwaaaaaaah~」
**Vanilla:** 「Then that's good... H-Hwaaaaaaah~」
**Chocola:** 「It's... it's not like that?! This is normal behavior for a catgir-- Hwaaaaaah~」
**Vanilla:** 「While Master is in pain, we'll yawn and stretch to relax and keep you... Hwaaaaaah~」
**Kashou:** 「... Well, I wasn't really gonna say anything. Don't worry about it.」
Their long string of yawns was surreal.
I guess it was pretty calming. I felt some muscles loosening up.
It was like some sort of tension was draining from me.
**Shigure:** 「Chocola, Vanilla, could you close up shop for me?」
**Chocola:** 「Yes~! Leave it to Chocol-- hwaaaaah~」
**Vanilla:** 「We're used to doing normal work tasks-- hwaaaaaaah~」
**Shigure:** 「Catgirls have some interesting behaviors, don't they?」
**Kashou:** 「It's easy to remember that catgirls really are just cats when you live with them.」
**Shigure:** 「Oh my, "live with them!" How brazen of you~ Blush~」
**Kashou:** 「Lay off, would you.」
**Shigure:** 「Oh? You're not even strong enough to retort something back at me?」
**Kashou:** 「You're so persistent.」
**Shigure:** 「It's because I love you, Nii-sama.」
I really can't understand her definition of "love."
It's been like this ever since she was born.
**Shigure:** 「All joking aside, though...」
**Shigure:** 「... Why did you push yourself this far?」
**Shigure:** 「You of all people should know your own body's limits.」
**Kashou:** 「... You said it yourself that if you get too tired, you don't notice it, right?」
**Shigure:** 「You should have noticed before that. Don't try to evade the question.」
She sat up straight and stared at me intensely.
We waited in silence for a while, yet she still stared at me without budging an inch.
Seeing her persistence, I decided to give in and surrendered with a sigh.
**Kashou:** 「... It's because I thought that I had to work harder.」
I murmured, leaning my head back on the pillow and looking at the ceiling.
**Kashou:** 「Recently, I went on a date with Chocola and Vanilla...」
**Kashou:** 「... It was then that it struck me.」
**Kashou:** 「That they're not just pets, but family. Lovers, even.」
**Kashou:** 「So I didn't want them to have to work hard because of my choice to leave home.」
**Shigure:** 「... Which will happen anyway if you push yourself too hard and collapse.」
**Kashou:** 「Well, it's your own fault our clientele increased so much.」
**Shigure:** 「Oh? Just what might you be talking about?」
I decided not to press further.
Shigure smiled slightly and tilted her head in response.
If she was going to address that issue honestly, she would already have done so by now.
That's how Shigure had always been.
**Shigure:** 「I understand what you are saying, Nii-sama...」
**Shigure:** 「... but catgirls are clever. Clever enough to become family, and even lovers, to humans.」
**Shigure:** 「... And that's exactly why.」
She took a deep breath...
... and looked at me with a kind of troubled smile.
**Shigure:** 「... I think there would be a feeling of sadness to not be relied upon.」
Her smile stabbed at my heart.
Those were words that Chocola and Vanilla would say about me.
No, I'm sure these were Shigure's words, too.
Her smile pierced me and my words were trapped in my throat.
**Shigure:** 「Which isn't to say I don't like seeing Nii-sama working hard and taking things in stride, too.」
**Kashou:** 「... I wish you'd say that I'm worthy of being relied upon.」
**Shigure:** 「Do you think someone who pushes themselves until they drop can't be relied upon? Teehee~」
**Shigure:** 「... Oh, Nii-sama. You've always tried to do everything yourself, even when you were little.」
She spoke as if she were indulging a child's tantrum.
Sitting next to me, she placed her small hand on my cheek and ever so slightly closed her eyes.
Her slender, small hand's warmth was so gentle and loving.
The stiffness in my shoulders seemed to melt away.
**Shigure:** 「Ah, I'm sorry, Nii-sama. That's my phone.」
**Shigure:** 「... Ah.」
She looked at her phone and furrowed her brows.
When Shigure just sat there motionlessly, I could pretty much figure out who it was.
**Kashou:** 「It's from home, right? You should answer.」
**Shigure:** 「... I don't need to answer to know what they want. I left without saying where I was going.」
**Kashou:** 「............」
The cell phone in Shigure's hand stopped ringing.
Shigure fell silent...
... and gripped the cell phone tightly.
**Shigure:** 「... Is it because I'm still a young girl?」
**Shigure:** 「... Or is it because I'm naïve to the world?」
**Shigure:** 「... Is that why I must do what mother and father ask of me?」
**Shigure:** 「... I want to be here.」
**Shigure:** 「When Nii-sama is suffering... at the very least, let me be by his side...」
**Shigure:** 「... to be with him as a little sister, as family. Is that not allowed?」
She spoke in a lonely, frustrated voice, with her face downturned.
Her voice sounded soft, but was filled with a firm desire.
**Kashou:** 「... You're so silly, Shigure.」
**Kashou:** 「Who cares whether you're allowed to or not?」
**Shigure:** 「Nii-sama...」
I sat up and I wrapped my arms around Shigure's shoulders.
Shigure let herself rest her head on my chest.
**Kashou:** 「I promised I'd look after myself, and I will.」
**Kashou:** 「Plus, Chocola and Vanilla are here, so the three of us will be fine.」
**Kashou:** 「You said that earlier yourself, remember?」
I whispered as gently as I could near Shigure's ear.
For her to be so attached to me... It honestly made me really happy.
That was exactly why.
I didn't want Shigure to be as clumsy as I was.
The fact was that Shigure was still a child, and she still needed that family of ours.
She didn't need me leading her astray.
**Kashou:** 「If they found out you came here, you'd never be able to come back. Right?」
**Kashou:** 「I couldn't bear it if that happened.」
**Shigure:** 「... Really?」
**Kashou:** 「Of course. Why would I lie about that?」
**Shigure:** 「Fuhuh, what a very Nii-sama way of persuading people~ Teehee~」
Her small shoulders shook happily.
I probably didn't have to tell my precocious little sister...
... but she still gave a small nod at my words.
**Shigure:** 「I'll come again tomorrow to make it up to you, okay?」
**Shigure:** 「Because I'm the only person that can take care of Nii-sama!」
**Kashou:** 「Okay. Just please don't go overboard.」
She hugged me tighter and placed her cheek on my chest.
... Shigure was the same as Chocola and Vanilla.
Keeping those words to myself, I hugged her back.
**Chocola:** 「Myahhh~! Shigure-chan and Master are cuddling!」
**Vanilla:** 「Having us go clean up and then doing things like this...?! How dastardly......!」
**Shigure:** 「Ufuufuuh~ This is a little sister's special right, you know?」
**Shigure:** 「Nii-sama~ Rub rub rub~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Meow!! Chocola wants to rub rub with Master too! Master, rub rub please!」
**Vanilla:** 「I, too, must get in on this big wave.」
**Vanilla:** 「Come, Master. Rub rub me, too.」
**Kashou:** 「Hey, wait. The three of you at once is too heavy...! So heavy...!」
**Shigure:** 「It's impolite to tell a lady that she is heavy, Nii-sama.」
**Vanilla:** 「We're all relatively light, so we should be fine.」
**Chocola:** 「This is the weight of our love! Suffer through it, Master~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Gah...! W-Wait... I'm the sick person here...!」
The weight of the love from the three of them gave no mercy.
**Shigure:** 「I'm leaving it to you, Chocola, Vanilla.」
**Chocola:** 「Okay! Leave it to us!」
**Vanilla:** 「Two catgirls with Bells are here, so there's nothing to fear.」
**Shigure:** 「That's true. I'm counting on both of you.」
**Shigure:** 「In that case, Nii-sama, I'll see you tomorrow.」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah. Sorry I can't see you out. I'll see you later.」
Shigure gave a little wave of her hand...
... as the door closed, hiding her from view.
**Kashou:** 「Sigh...」
I sank into the nearby sofa.
Now that Shigure was gone...
... I could drop the front I'd been putting up to keep her from worrying.
**Chocola:** 「Master, are you okay?」
**Vanilla:** 「Master, you okay?」
**Kashou:** 「I'm fine. It was just tiring to be standing, that's all.」
Chocola and Vanilla both looked at me, worriedly.
I forced a smile as I answered.
**Kashou:** 「... Don't make those faces, now.」
**Kashou:** 「Once I sleep a little, I'll be better. Don't worry.」
**Kashou:** 「Shigure said so too, didn't she?」
I petted both their heads.
**Chocola:** 「But... are you sure you don't need to go to the clinic?」
**Vanilla:** 「We covered this during the Bell exam. If someone can't move, you should call an ambulance.」
**Kashou:** 「It's not bad enough for that, okay?」
**Kashou:** 「Plus, we've finally got customers that come here now.」
**Kashou:** 「How would it look if an ambulance stopped in front of the bakery?」
**Chocola:** 「Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「Master...」
Their faces, already clouded with worry, darkened more.
Their mouths were slightly agape as if to say more...
... but they swallowed their words and bowed their heads.
**Chocola:** 「... Chocola is sorry we don't understand complicated things.」
**Vanilla:** 「... Even if we have Bells, we don't quite understand all human feelings.」
**Kashou:** 「... Don't be silly. It's not something you need to apologize for.」
I pulled the two close as their faces became tearful.
I hated not being able to put my feelings into words.
Holding them to my chest, I squeezed them tightly.
**Chocola:** 「We can't do anything... but we'll be with you...」
**Chocola:** 「Just like Master was with us before...」
**Vanilla:** 「Master is suffering so much, yet all we can do is watch... It hurts...」
**Vanilla:** 「If there is anything I can do, I'll do it. Please tell me...」
They tightly squeezed back.
Their honest feelings were warm, like the heat from their bodies.
**Shigure:** 「... but catgirls are clever. Clever enough to become family, and even lovers, to humans.」
**Shigure:** 「... I think there would be a feeling of sadness to not be relied upon.」
... Ah, I understand.
Family, partners... They might be something like this.
I closed my eyes, savoring the warmth of my beloved catgirls.
If I wasn't careful, I might break down crying...
... from the pure kindness that filled my heart.
**Kashou:** 「..... Then, stay by my side.」
**Kashou:** 「If you two are with me, that's enough.」
**Chocola:** 「Yes. You don't even have to mention it.」
**Vanilla:** 「Even if you told us to leave you, we still wouldn't go.」
They hugged me even more tightly...
... and I hugged them back with all my strength.
**Kashou:** 「... Ah. Thank you.」
I'm no longer just one person.
I need to get well quickly, so I don't worry them anymore than I already have.
With that foremost in my mind, I lost track of time.
**Kashou:** 「Uuuh... Haah... Haah...」
**Chocola:** 「Master...!! Are you okay? Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「39℃... Master, your fever is getting worse...」
**Chocola:** 「And Master had just fallen asleep... He looks like he's suffering so much...」
**Vanilla:** 「The medicine... They said not to give him more until tomorrow morning.」
The clock had just struck midnight.
All we could do as Master groaned in pain...
... was wipe his face with a towel and hold his hands for comfort.
**Chocola:** 「What do we do? Just what should we do?」
**Vanilla:** 「We can't do anything... It's frustrating...」
**Kashou:** 「Choco...la... Van...illa...」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola is here...! Chocola is here!」
**Vanilla:** 「Me, too. Vanilla is here, too... I'm right here by your side...!」
No matter how much we wanted to help, there was nothing we could do.
It was so frustrating, we wanted to cry.
That big, strong hand we'd always relied upon...
... gripped ours back weakly now. It was heartbreaking.
**Chocola:** 「... Let's go to the clinic and bring a doctor back.」
**Chocola:** 「We're not supposed to call an ambulance, but just a doctor should be fine, right?」
**Vanilla:** 「... Yeah. I was thinking the same thing.」
**Vanilla:** 「As for a nearby clinic...」
**Chocola:** 「Ah, there's that one nearby! When you don't have medicine, you go next door, right?」
**Chocola:** 「Human civilization is set up to be really convenient, isn't it? ♪」
**Chocola:** 「... It's right next to the drugstore we always go to, right?」
**Vanilla:** 「Yeah. If Master is suffering this much, we should go.」
Nodding together, we stood up.
**Chocola:** 「... Sorry, Master. We must disobey you.」
**Vanilla:** 「We'll apologize a ton after, but we can't sit here while someone we love is suffering.」
**Chocola:** 「Just wait, Master! We'll call a doctor soon!」
**Chocola:** 「Haah, haah, haah...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, haah...! Chocola, you okay?」
Holding hands, we ran through the park.
We were short of breath, struggling, and stumbling, but we didn't stop.
We had to get to the clinic as quickly as possible.
With that in the forefront of our hearts, we ran without stopping.
**Chocola:** 「Haah, haah...! Yeah... Chocola... Chocola is okay...!」
**Chocola:** 「Never mind that. We need to hurry...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Yeah, hang on, Chocola...! Just a bit farther!」
**Vanilla:** 「Just a bit more... and then we can go back to Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「Haah, haah, haah...! It's closed?!」
**Chocola:** 「No way...! After we came all this way...?! Haah, haah...」
**Chocola:** 「Uuu...! What should we... what do we do?!」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola doesn't know... Chocola doesn't know...!」
**Vanilla:** 「We don't know any other clinics... and there aren't any people on the street to ask.」
**Vanilla:** 「We can't just go back like this... What should we...」
We gripped each other's hands tightly in worry.
Looking up at the cold shutters, we chewed our lips in concern.
**Police Officer:** 「What are you two doing there?」
**Chocola:** 「Ah... Ms. Policewoman!」
**Chocola:** 「Where's the closest open clinic?!」
**Chocola:** 「Master is in trouble, so we wanted to get a doctor!」
**Vanilla:** 「The clinic is closed and we don't know what to do...」
**Police Officer:** 「Your Master is? That's a quite a problem, but...」
**Police Officer:** 「Where are your Bells? Don't you have them?」
**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Ah...!」
We touched our necks where she pointed.
**Chocola:** 「Uhm, we always wear them...!」
**Vanilla:** 「But they would have made noise while we were looking after Master, so we took them off...!」
**Police Officer:** 「I'm going to have to ask the two of you to come with me.」
**Police Officer:** 「You can go home as soon as we get in touch with your Master, okay?」
**Chocola:** 「We have a home! It's not a lie, we really do!」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola has to go and bring home a doctor for Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master is suffering, so we have to go home...!」
**Vanilla:** 「We can't go...! Please, understand...!」
**Police Officer:** 「I'm sorry, but a lot of runaway catgirls have told us stories like that...」
**Police Officer:** 「And catgirls have been involved in criminal activity more lately...」
**Police Officer:** 「... so we have to bring in any catgirls not wearing Bells.」
**Police Officer:** 「We'll just do a quick ID check and then call your Master, okay?」
**Vanilla:** 「We told you, our bells are at home...!」
**Police Officer:** 「If you passed your Bell exam, you should know that you're supposed to call an ambulance in emergencies.」
**Chocola:** 「W-We do remember that from the Bell exam...!」
**Chocola:** 「But Master said we couldn't call one...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Because we live in a bakery...!」
**Vanilla:** 「And the customers would get worried...!」
**Police Officer:** 「Yes, yes. I understand. So we'll just have your Master come pick you two up.」
**Chocola:** 「Master said he was relying on Chocola and Vanilla!」
**Chocola:** 「So Chocola and Vanilla have to go back to Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master said to stay with him...! We promised to stay with him...!」
**Vanilla:** 「So we can't go... We need to go back to Master...!」
**Police Officer:** 「I understand. We'll let you go home soon, so just hurry along with me, all right?」
**Chocola:** 「No! Chocola will only go back to Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm sorry, but just this once, I absolutely refuse...!」
**Police Officer:** 「The law is the law. I have no choice but to bring you two in...」
**Kashou:** 「Chocola! Vanilla!」
**Chocola:** 「Master...?! Why? Why...?!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master...?! Why are you...?!」
**Kashou:** 「Haah... haah... haah...」
**Kashou:** 「I woke up... and you two were gone...」
**Kashou:** 「What are you doing... Geez... Haaaah...」
My shoulders were shaking and my breathing was ragged.
As I fought to keep my vision from wavering, I checked that they were both safe.
**Kashou:** 「Leaving your important Bells behind...」
**Kashou:** 「What would you do if something happened, really...」
Now that I knew Chocola and Vanilla were okay, I fought to keep my knees from buckling.
**Chocola:** 「But...! But...!」
**Vanilla:** 「We thought that this time, we have to protect Master...!」
**Kashou:** 「I know that, silly. I'm not mad...」
Taking the gold and silver Bells from my pocket...
... I handed each of them over to Chocola and Vanilla.
**Kashou:** 「I'm mad that you made me worry for no reason, though.」
**Chocola:** 「But... Master looked like he was in pain...」
**Chocola:** 「We couldn't just stand there......!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master was in pain, and we couldn't do anything and that hurt...」
**Vanilla:** 「Because we're family, we're your catpanions... We wanted to do something...」
While holding back tears in their eyes...
... they looked up at me, struggling to speak.
**Kashou:** 「Ah, it's natural to worry about family. I know that.」
**Kashou:** 「It's the same with you two. I couldn't help it.」
**Chocola:** 「M-Master...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master...!」
**Kashou:** 「Geez, you two, you made a sick person worry...」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola is sorry... She's sorry for making you worry, Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「Sorry... Master, sorry...」
**Kashou:** 「I know. It's okay now...」
**Kashou:** 「... so don't cry.」
**Chocola:** 「Hwehhh...! Master... Master...!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Uuu... Shnifle, Master... Master...!」
Their small shoulders shaking, they repeatedly wiped their eyes.
I pet my precious catgirls with all the love I had in me.
**Police Officer:** 「I've seen their Bells, so I'm going to head out now.」
**Kashou:** 「I'm sorry my catgirls caused you trouble.」
We watched as the police officer walked into the distance.
We then slowly turned to go home.
**Kashou:** 「Let's go back to our home, Chocola, Vanilla.」
**Chocola:** 「Yes! Let's go home, Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「Yeah. Let's all go home.」
As I leaned on the shoulders of a tearfully smiling Chocola and Vanilla...
... the three of us headed back to our home ---
