**Chocola:** 「Meow~ So high up! We're so high up, Master~! Myahahaha~!」
**Vanilla:** 「People really do look like ants from up high. Isn't that right, Master?」
**Kashou:** 「...Y-Yeah... I guess...」
**Chocola:** 「What's the matter? You look a little pale.」
**Vanilla:** 「Your face is as white as a ghost.」
**Kashou:** 「Re-Really...? I guess it must be...」
**Chocola:** 「Huhhh? You'd normally give a comeback like, "ghosts don't exist" or something.」
**Vanilla:** 「Master is being a killjoy right now. Cold, in a word.」
**Kashou:** 「No, it's not that I'm being cold, okay...?」
We were near the peak of Hyakkeijima Sea Paradise's main attraction, Blue Falling.
All around us was sky, sky, and more sky.
The safety and security of Earth was far, far away.
"Dare to experience the nations' highest free fall at 107 meters," they say, and when they do, they're not kidding.
Forced to get on the ride because of their whining...
... I was now facing the most extreme threat to my life ever.
**Kashou:** 「Actually... how can you two be so calm...?」
**Chocola:** 「Huh? Why is being high up so hard for you? Doesn't it feel nice~? ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Catgirls get proportionally more excited the higher they climb.」
**Vanilla:** 「Our excitement is currently 107 meters above sea level.」
**Kashou:** 「Isn't that just because you guys like high places...?」
I wasn't even able to say "only fools and smoke like high places."
I could only quiver as I was overtaken by more fear the higher we climbed.
Then, that merciless sound coming from the motor that seemed to go on forever...
... suddenly stopped.
**Announcer:** 「... 3, 2, 1!」
**Announcer:** 「Bye bye~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Gwaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!」
**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Nyaaaaaaaaaaaaah~! ♪♪♪」
**Kashou:** 「Mghrwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!」
**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Nyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah~! ♪♪♪」
**Kashou:** 「Mghrwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!」
**Chocola:** 「Nyahahahahahaha, look at Master's face, nyahahahahahaha~! ♪♪♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Master is hollering so much, tears are coming out, nyahahahahahahahaaaaaaa~! ♪♪♪」
**Chocola:** 「Yode-lay-hee-hoo! Nyahahaha~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「It's sparkling! So sparkling and fun! Nyahahaha~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Yode-lay-hee-hoo. Meh, it's not that fun actually.」
**Vanilla:** 「I might get addicted to these simple up-and-down rides~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「What's wrong, Master?」
**Vanilla:** 「You're not afraid of this speed, are you?」
**Kashou:** 「No, it's just... it's a bit embarrassing... being this old and this...」
**Chocola:** 「Higyaaaaaah, Master!!」
**Chocola:** 「I-I-I-I-I-I-It's going to kill Chocola! Chocola's gonna die! Chocola's gonnasdfhlkjahf!!」
**Kashou:** 「It's just a ride! Calm down! It won't kill you!」
**Vanilla:** 「When catgirls are extremely startled, they stop moving...」
**Vanilla:** 「Also, they might lose more than just their pride as a catgirl...!」
**Kashou:** 「Hold on! There's an emergency exit over there! Hold on until then!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Tell Shigure... I went out like a true catgirl...! Urk!! 」
**Kashou:** 「What was that "urk" just now!? Don't give up!! Hey, Vanilla!!」
**Chocola:** 「Myah! Myah! Master! That there! Let's ride that spinning one there next!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Myaoh, myaoh. Enough of those fast ones. Let's do the dropping one again.」
**Kashou:** 「Wait... Let me rest, really... seriously...」
Light-headed, I sat on the bench feeling groggy.
To think amusement parks could pack this much punch...
**Chocola:** 「We're finally on a date, but you're really kind of a let-down, Master.」
**Vanilla:** 「That's right, that's right. After we closed up the shop just to come and play too.」
**Kashou:** 「I know, I get it. Just give me a second.」
**Chocola:** 「Sheesh. Chocola guesses it just can't be helped, meow.」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola is an understanding catpanion, so she'll forgive you~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I wouldn't mind going with just Chocola, but I shall wait for you, Master.」
**Chocola:** 「Aww, Vanilla isn't being honest~」
**Chocola:** 「Even after we were both trying our hardest to get all prettied up this morning together! Poke poke~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「False. I was struggling a little since it was the first time wearing these new clothes.」
Vanilla wasn't pleased with having her cheek poked.
Well, that's just what she's saying.
Her tail was sticking straight up all the time at home though.
According to what Chocola said, she had to be really careful not to do that while we're out today. Otherwise, her tail would lift up the back of her skirt.
That's not the sort of thing we humans would ever have to worry about, though.
**Kashou:** 「Those clothes look good on both of you.」
**Chocola:** 「Yaaay, do they really? Hurray~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Shigure gave us these as gifts when we said that Master was going to take us to the amusement park!」
**Vanilla:** 「I really like these. So being praised makes me just a little bit happy.」
She spun around and showed me her back.
The white clothes sparkled in the sunshine.
It was very cute and seeing them all dressed up made the day even more special.
... Not that Vanilla would ever admit she felt that way.
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, they look good.」
I said it one more time.
**Chocola:** 「Meow~ Chocola is so happy Master said she looked cute too, meow~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Right, Vanilla? Vanilla is happy, too, isn't she? Eheheh~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「... I guess I am a little bit.」
**Chocola:** 「Meow~ ♪ You're blushing~ Poke poke, I'm gonna poke your cheek~ ♪」
The two fluttered about as they teased each other.
Seeing how happy Chocola and Vanilla were...
... made me glad I took the day off, even if it was inconvenient.
**Chocola:** 「But are you sure it's okay to close for the day, even with how busy things have been?」
**Vanilla:** 「I do think Master looks a bit tired lately...」
**Kashou:** 「That's right. I've been a bit tired lately, so we've come here for a bit of fun.」
**Kashou:** 「You guys don't need to worry about anything.」
**Kashou:** 「Just go be catgirls and enjoy yourselves.」
The two of them looked into my eyes worriedly, so I messed with their hair.
**Chocola:** 「Meow! Master, Chocola told you not to make her hair all messy!」
**Vanilla:** 「Meow...! After I used hair spray and everything! It's all ruined...!」
**Girl:** 「Wow, Mommy, look! Hyakkeijima has its own kitty-catgirls! Cute!!」
**Girl:** 「Hey hey, Onii-san! Can I take a picture?」
**Kashou:** 「Oh, no, these aren't Hyakkeijima's catgirls...」
**Mother:** 「I'm so sorry, that was very rude of my daughter...!」
**Mother:** 「Hey, listen! Those aren't the amusement park's catgirls, okay?」
**Chocola:** 「It's fine! Let's take a picture~ ♪ We don't mind~ Let's take one together!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, but Master messed my hair all up, so give me a moment to freshen up.」
**Mother:** 「Are you sure? But...」
The hesitant mother looked over towards me.
**Kashou:** 「I don't mind at all. They say they want to, too.」
**Chocola:** 「She said we were cute, so we can at least let her take a picture with us!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, we should take one for Shigure as a memento. Master, take one with your cell phone.」
**Kashou:** 「... So that's how it is.」
**Kashou:** 「Could I have you take a picture for us, too?」
**Mother:** 「Okay, then I might as well take you up on your offer then.」
**Girl:** 「Yaay! Thank you, kitty-catgirls!」
**Girl:** 「Hey, Mom, lend me your phone! I'm going to get a bunch of pictures!」
**Chocola:** 「Come on, if you don't come closer you won't be in the shot. Closer, closer~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「I'll throw in a hug too. Catgirls are stronger than they appear.」
**Chocola:** 「Oh, nice~ Nice~! Chocola will take a bunch! Okay, say cheese!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'll take some next, okay? Rapid-fire super paparazzi burst!」
**Kashou:** 「... What an unexpected scene.」
For me, Chocola and Vanilla were still like children...
... but I suppose even catgirls might have maternal instincts like human women do.
It was adorable seeing them playing with a child.
They're acting more big sister-like than usual.
**Vanilla:** 「Take a good one, Master. So we can remember today.」
**Chocola:** 「That's right. Today's a day you need to commemorate~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, yeah, Say cheese.」
**Chocola:** 「Ah! You're being lazy!」
**Chocola:** 「You need to put more love into taking the pictures!」
**Vanilla:** 「Such haphazardness isn't good. Super not good.」
**Vanilla:** 「It's said that you can't take a good picture unless you think of how your subject is feeling.」
**Kashou:** 「I'm taking more... Smile, smile!」
**Chocola:** 「Aww! Master! With more love! Chocola wants you to put more love into it!!」
**Vanilla:** 「Master doesn't understand's a woman's feelings. We are terribly disappointed.」
Their pouty faces were so cute that I kept provoking them intentionally.
... How wonderfully sweet this moment was.
I must be in pretty good spirits myself if I was thinking that.
**Girl:** 「Ahaha, the kitty-catgirls' pouty faces are so cute~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Myaown?! Don't take pictures of us like this!」
**Vanilla:** 「How careless of me...! Infringement of catgirl personal rights, meow...!」
**Girl:** 「You two are cute, so don't worry!」
**Girl:** 「Come on, say cheese~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola said not now!」
**Vanilla:** 「Catgirl smile super attack! Nipah~」
**Girl:** 「Squee, too cute~ ♪ Look over here~! ♪」
**Mother:** 「I'm so sorry that we interrupted your date.」
**Mother:** 「Thank you very much. Have a good day.」
**Girl:** 「See you later, kitty-catgirls! Thank you!」
**Chocola:** 「Myahn, that was fun~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「There was some bullying, but it all ended well.」
**Chocola:** 「Little kids sure are cute.」
**Vanilla:** 「Not even catgirls can withstand the innocence of children.」
**Kashou:** 「... So this does look like a date after all.」
I thought about that again as I texted the photo to Shigure.
Of course, there was no doubt that this was a date.
No, if I say it like that it sounds kind of negative.
Yeah, if I were to say it flat out...
... thinking about how others might view this makes me feel a bit bashful.
I'm well aware that it's a bit weird for me to be thinking about how wonderful things are.
**Chocola:** 「Myaoh, meow~ ♪ Master~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Don't just stand there with that big grin on your face! Let's go on another one! Another one!」
**Kashou:** 「Huh? Am I grinning...?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ultra grinning. Like Donald O'Ronald.」
**Vanilla:** 「It even looks a bit lewd, too.」
**Kashou:** 「Lewd? It's not like that at all...!」
**Chocola:** 「Ahaha, you don't need to blush like that~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「We already know that Master is a pervert.」
**Kashou:** 「... You two are plenty perverted yourselves, you know.」
**Chocola:** 「That's right, we can't argue with that, myaoh~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Can't help it. They do say pets resemble their owners.」
With full smiles, the two of them wrapped themselves around my arms.
... I couldn't escape it even if I had tried.
So catgirls change as they grow up, too...
I tried to hide the face I was making as I thought that.
But if I stopped thinking about it, it'd come back again.
**Chocola:** 「It's just fine if we're similar~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「How about doing something a bit more relaxing now?」
**Vanilla:** 「It's just past noon. Still quite a bit of time.」
**Vanilla:** 「You don't get to make excuses about being tired today.」
**Kashou:** 「Then you guys don't get to, either.」
**Kashou:** 「I set aside this day just for you guys, after all.」
**Chocola:** 「Meow~ ♪ Master's so confident~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Teehee, Master is so aggressive, meow. Let's be off~ ♪ 」
... My spirits were just as high as theirs.
With each one wrapped around an arm...
... the three of us headed deeper into the amusement park.
**Chocola:** 「Wow, it's so big...! The fish tank! It's seriously big!」
**Vanilla:** 「Amazing...! An undersea tunnel...! There are fish swimming above my head...!」
**Chocola:** 「Ah, over there! Look over there, Vanilla!」
**Chocola:** 「A white dolphin! There's a white dolphin there!」
**Vanilla:** 「Ooh... it's white! Almost like it's color has burnt down to white ash!」
**Vanilla:** 「It's the same as my hair clip! Super cute...!」
**Chocola:** 「It really looks just like a stuffed animal! Chocola is impressed!」
**Kashou:** 「Hey. If you two don't watch where you're going, you'll trip--」
**Chocola:** 「There's a shark! There's a whale shark!」
**Chocola:** 「It's really big! It's going after a bunch of fish!」
**Vanilla:** 「That whale shark is super huge...! I've never seen such a huge creature before...!」
**Vanilla:** 「The ones stuck underneath him must be his buddies...!」
**Vanilla:** 「But the stuffed animal Master bought for me doesn't have any buddies...」
My warnings went completely ignored as their gleaming eyes looked around the aquarium.
Shining rays of sun beamed down from directly overhead...
... making a mystical sheen spread throughout the surrounding scenery.
It was promoted as "a walk in the sea..."
... and that's what it really was. It really was like we were walking right through the middle of the sea.
**Chocola:** 「Master! That fish! What's it called!?」
**Kashou:** 「Let's see... The information sign says it's a Green Chromis.」
**Chocola:** 「A Green Chromis! It's a Green Chromis, Vanilla!」
**Vanilla:** 「A Green Chromis. It has been memorized. Perfect.」
You don't really need to remember that...
... I thought, smiling as I watched over the two overjoyed catgirls.
**Chocola:** 「It's the first time Chocola has been to both an amusement park and an aquarium! It's so fun!」
**Chocola:** 「Really really really fun, Master!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm also having lots of fun. It may not look it, but catgirls have a very high friskiness level.」
**Vanilla:** 「Master's worth has been skyrocketing all morning. I'm super impressed.」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah. It's because you two worked hard and got your Bells. What good girls.」
**Chocola:** 「Yes! Chocola is glad she worked so hard back then!」
**Vanilla:** 「Now we can help in the store and go out and play, too. Bells are great. Super great.」
The gold and silver Bells jingled almost as if in response.
Who knew they'd be this happy?
I should have taken them here sooner.
With how busy the store was, this really wasn't the best timing...
... but I didn't have many other choices...
**Chocola:** 「Wow, look look, Master! Vanilla!」
**Chocola:** 「Tuna! There's tuna! A whole bunch of them swimming this way!」
**Vanilla:** 「Huge...! So profound! Such speed...!!」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah, it's quite a view.」
I need to work hard for Chocola and Vanilla's sake from now on too though.
No... Rather, I WANT to work hard for them.
I honestly felt that.
**Chocola:** 「They're so energetic and fresh and delicious... Drool~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「So much fatty tuna. Salivating... I'm salivating... Drool~ ♪」
**Kashou:** 「Don't blurt out cat-like things like that, okay?」
... They are still cats after all.
I wiped their mouths with a tissue as I thought that.
**Chocola:** 「Meow, Chocola had fun, myaow~ ♪」
**Chocola:** 「Going around like that felt like a date, too. It was nice.」
**Vanilla:** 「The aquarium was super great... Makes me want to go away to the ocean...」
**Kashou:** 「I'll bring you here again soon. That way, you don't think of doing anything dangerous, either.」
I gave Vanilla a light bop on her daydreaming cheeks.
... You're not serious about that, right? Right?
**Chocola:** 「Master. Can I go to the bathroom for a bit?」
**Vanilla:** 「Ah, I'll come, too.」
**Kashou:** 「Okay. I'll wait here, then.」
**Chocola:** 「Okayyy, please do~ ♪」
**Vanilla:** 「Thanks, Master.」
**Kashou:** 「Yeah. No rush.」
I took their things and watched them head off.
**Kashou:** 「... The restroom looked pretty busy just now. I wonder if they're waiting on a bench somewhere.」
I looked around, searching the benches.
**Staff:** 「Do you like stuffed animals?」
She was holding some balloons decorated with drawings of Hyakkeijima in her hand.
She had Hyakkeijima's logo printed on her uniform shirt.
**Staff:** 「Your arms. You're carrying a white dolphin and whale shark in your hands, so I thought you might.」
She pointed at the stuffed animals I was holding onto for Vanilla and Chocola.
**Kashou:** 「Oh, these aren't mine. They belong to my catgirls.」
**Staff:** 「Oh, sorry. I just assumed.」
**Staff:** 「So, your catgirls like stuffed animals?」
**Staff:** 「I'm sorry for mistaking that earlier. Ahaha.」
With an inviting smile much suiting an amusement park staffer...
... she bowed her head slightly.
**Staff:** 「They sure are cute catgirls. Are they your catpanions?」
**Kashou:** 「Ah, they're like girlfriends...」
**Kashou:** 「... Well, I guess... they are?」
**Staff:** 「Ahaha, it's nothing to be embarrassed about.」
**Kashou:** 「Well, it's just kinda new for me...」
I cringed. She'd hit the nail on the head.
I felt I should be more straight-up about it.
But I really can't just stop being bashful about it overnight.
**Staff:** 「They adore you so much. They even have Bells.」
**Staff:** 「You're quite a wonderful owner... or, wonderful boyfriend, I guess?」
**Kashou:** 「That'd be nice if I could live up to that.」
**Kashou:** 「I think it's more the fact that they're such good catgirls.」
**Staff:** 「Ahaha. It's fine, you don't need to worry.」
**Staff:** 「You should be more confident in yourself. They've taken after you quite a bit, after all.」
**Staff:** 「Actually, I have a catgirl of my own.」
**Staff:** 「She just doesn't listen to me at all, though.」
She gave a troubled smile as she tilted her head.
Her smile showed how much she cared for her catgirl.
**Staff:** 「You seemed like you'd be able to relate, so I thought I'd strike up a conversation.」
**Staff:** 「I'm supposed to only give away one per guest...」
**Staff:** 「But I'll give you an extra as a gift.」
**Staff:** 「Please give them to your catgirls~ ♪」
I grabbed the balloons' strings as she offered them to me.
**Kashou:** 「Thank you very much.」
**Kashou:** 「I'm sure they'll love them.」
**Staff:** 「Yes, please make them happy~ ♪」
**Staff:** 「Well, I'd better move along here.」
**Kashou:** 「... They really are catpanions, huh?」
I said it again.
It felt a bit surprising this time, though.
... But I needed to be more open about it.
That way, the next time something like this happens, I can answer proudly.
This is probably one of those things Shigure always refers to when she says that I should "puff out my chest."
**Kashou:** 「Well, can't really change the way I am... Huh?」
**Kashou:** 「Hrmm?」
**Chocola:** 「Fwah...! After we had went off to the bathroom for only a moment...!」
**Chocola:** 「He's already being all friendly with other girls...! Fweehh...!」
**Vanilla:** 「I hear cheating is a common male trait. Absolutely disgusting.」
**Chocola:** 「Fwehhh, Vanilla...! Chocola is sad! Chocola is sad...!」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm with you here, Chocola. Don't cry. There, there.」
**Vanilla:** 「Once we get home, we'll fill Master's underwear with tubes of wasabi and hot sauce.」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola would be sad if Little Master couldn't stand up anymore because of that, though...」
**Vanilla:** 「But we must show him that cheating on catpanions comes with dire consequences.」
**Vanilla:** 「I saw something about that and not becoming a pushover catgirl on the TV.」
**Chocola:** 「I don't think Chocola could do something like that...」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola is just a pushover catgirl by nature, isn't she... Fwehhh...」
**Kashou:** 「Augh, you two are such a pain to deal with sometimes...」
Talking about crazy things from such an obvious misunderstanding and everything...
Even going as far as to say they were going to boobytrap my underwear, now.
Vanilla thinks up some really nasty stuff...
**Kashou:** 「... Anyways, I better clear up this misunderstanding first.」
I said to myself, exasperated.
I headed over towards Chocola, who was still crying into her hands.
**Kashou:** 「Hey, Chocola, Vanilla, the bath's ready.」
**Kashou:** 「Heeeey, Chocola, Vanilla...?」
**Chocola:** 「Zzz... zzz... Mast...er...  zzz...」
**Vanilla:** 「Nyam... Master... Zzz... zzz...」
**Kashou:** 「... I guess they were playing all day after all.」
I looked at their sleeping faces while they snored away on the sofa.
**Kashou:** 「I haven't had much time for them up until now, huh...」
I knew that they were more attached to me than Shigure...
... but for the past few months, I'd been getting ready to move.
I was so focused on myself that I didn't have time to play with them.
**Kashou:** 「... I'm really surprised that things have gone this far.」
When I first took them home...
... I had never imagined any of this happening.
Owning my own shop one day...
... and having these two follow after me...
And then ending up in this sort of relationship with them.
**Kashou:** 「... But thanks to them, everyday is fun.」
I place my hand gently on their precious cheeks.
**Chocola:** 「... Mm, meow...? Mast...er...?」
**Chocola:** 「Ah...! S-Sorry, Chocola nodded off...!」
**Vanilla:** 「Preparations finished...? I'll help, too...」
**Kashou:** 「I finished all the preparations for tomorrow.」
**Kashou:** 「It's fine. Just go back to sleep.」
I patted the heads of my two sleepy catgirls.
I sat them back down on the sofa as they tried to get up.
**Chocola:** 「... Today really was really fun.」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola is really happy that you remembered...」
**Chocola:** 「... us saying that we wanted to go there, Master.」
**Vanilla:** 「Going to the amusement park and the aquarium for the first time was a lot of fun...」
**Vanilla:** 「We got to take lots of pictures together too. It'll be a wonderful memory.」
With a kind and gentle smile...
... they lowered their gazes as if savoring their bliss.
**Chocola:** 「Thank you so much, Master. Chocola loves you.」
**Chocola:** 「Kiss~」
**Vanilla:** 「I'm thankful too.」
**Vanilla:** 「Kiss~」
Chocola and Vanilla laid their heads on my shoulders...
... after touching my cheeks with their soft lips.
**Kashou:** 「I had a lot of fun, too. Thanks.」
I gave each of them a kiss on the forehead.
**Chocola:** 「Haah... Chocola really loves you, Master...」
**Chocola:** 「Just being together like this... makes my heart race...」
**Chocola:** 「My chest feels warm... Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「...Mm, I understand. My heart is racing too...」
**Vanilla:** 「Umm, Master... My body feels a bit restless...」
I was pressed between two sets of sultry eyes.
I'm not so oblivious that I didn't know what they were getting at.
**Kashou:** 「... Still in heat, huh?」
They both shook their heads silently.
**Chocola:** 「... Chocola thinks this doesn't have anything to do with her being in heat.」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola just loves Master so much... So much that she wants to have sex.」
**Chocola:** 「Chocola was taught that she must be modest while studying for the Bell test...」
**Chocola:** 「... but is this okay?」
**Kashou:** 「Chocola...」
**Vanilla:** 「When I'm in heat, it feels like my body is forcing me to be lewd...」
**Vanilla:** 「... But this time, it feels like my heart is making my body lewd.」
**Vanilla:** 「I heard that it's normal to have sex after going on a date if you like them.」
**Vanilla:** 「... You love us, right, Master?」
**Kashou:** 「Vanilla...」
She spoke smoothly...
... as she lured me in with her soft and sensual gaze.
**Kashou:** 「... Do you really think you even need to ask at this point?」
**Kashou:** 「I love both of you.」
Onto their small, thin lips...
... I then placed a lover's kiss.
**Chocola:** 「Teehee, that's just like Master...」
**Vanilla:** 「You're so pretentious, even though you're never honest.」
They both embraced me tightly in satisfaction.
**Chocola:** 「Then let us do you today, okay...?」
**Vanilla:** 「We're going to pay you back~ ♪」
