**Chocola:** 「Mhmn... Master... Zzz zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, Master... Zzz zzz...」

**Chocola:** 「Haah... Master... Purrrrrr\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Mm... Master... Chocola\~ ♪ Purrrrrrrrr\~ ♪」

As they let out sleepy breaths...

... the two of them rested their cheeks against my body.

I petted both of their heads, each with one hand...

... and looked up at the ceiling with my mouth still slightly agape.

**Kashou:** 「... It's a big bed, but I never thought it would actually be useful in this way, too.」

And here we were, sleeping right next to each other like a big family.

I murmured that aloud, never thinking this could've happened.

**Kashou:** 「... I can't make an excuse about me just going along with it now.」

From the start, I never intended to make excuses for this, though.

As I felt their softness and warmth throughout my body...

... I pet the two catgirls I honestly cherished.

**Chocola:** 「Meow... Master, Vanilla...」

**Chocola:** 「Master... Vanilla... and Chocola...」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola loves everyone... Chocola wants us to always be together\~ ♪ Myaom meom...」

**Vanilla:** 「Myah... yes, always together...」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, Master, and me... Myaom meom\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, that's right. Always together.」

The two of them going "myaom meom" in their sleep...

... made me burst out laughing.

**Kashou:** 「... It was a lot different from what I was expecting, though.」

Leaving home by myself, becoming independent...

... taking up all the joys and hardships by myself... or so I'd thought.

I really thought I'd be living all by myself from now on.

**Kashou:** 「... I'm pretty lucky, having precious partners I can connect deeply with like this.」

Sometimes, they'd make things difficult for me, like when they make mistakes...

... But in the end, they're catgirls that support both me and the store the best they can.

Even though we haven't been together that long...

... I couldn't imagine a moment without Chocola and Vanilla.

**Chocola:** 「Master... Chocola is happy too\~ ♪ Zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「Master... Vanilla is also happy now... myah...」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I am, too. Thanks.」

I kissed both of them gently as they murmured in their sleep...

... and closed my eyes and drifted off.

**Shigure:** 「Become ill from being in heat?」

**Shigure:** 「I don't think that's possible.」

Shigure, the first guest of the morning...

... said that with a straight face like it was obvious and sipped her tea.

**Kashou:** 「Huh... but I've really heard that before...」

**Shigure:** 「The catgirls at home are doing just fine, you know.」

**Shigure:** 「I'm having them do a bit of exercise to work off the effects of being in heat, though.」

**Kashou:** 「... Come to think of it, I seem to remember seeing that before.」

I hadn't ever seen them doing "stuff" in the house.

No, being female, there was no way for Shigure to do that with them...

**Kashou:** 「... But Vanilla told me they'd get sick from being in heat.」

**Kashou:** 「Right, Vanilla?」

**Vanilla:** 「Shigure said that I should explain it to Master like that, yawn\~」

**Chocola:** 「Ah\~ Come to think of it, Chocola remembers being told something like that yawnnn\~」

**Kashou:** 「... So you're the one who told them.」

**Shigure:** 「More importantly, Nii-sama. Whisper today's sweet nothings to your little sister\~」

**Kashou:** 「You can't just "more importantly" your way around this, you worthless little sister...」

**Shigure:** 「Ah, it hurts, Nii-sama\~! Though I don't mind it rough, either!」

She doesn't seem to regret anything.

... Well, I wasn't that angry at her, anyway.

It seemed as if Shigure was able to see through a lot of aspects of me.

Mainly my shame, embarrassment, resentments, in particular.

**Shigure:** 「Sometimes, the way Nii-sama expresses his love is too rough! Blush\~ ♪」

**Shigure:** 「Next, let us partake in a sultry kiss between siblings... Mwah! ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Don't be dumb.」

As Shigure sought my lips, I flicked her on the forehead.

**Shigure:** 「Muuuuh\~ I certainly hope there's a carrot to go with this stick.」

**Shigure:** 「How could you ever refuse such a cute little sister's entincements?」

**Shigure:** 「Aren't you acting rather cold now after Chocola and Vanilla became your catpanions?」

**Kashou:** 「Don't say that and make it sound like we've kissed before.」

Shigure put her hands on her hips and puffed out her cheeks.

It was really hard to get her jokes.

Sometimes, as her older brother, I wondered if it's really safe for her to go outside on her own.

Even more so because she's a heck of a cute little sister.

**Shigure:** 「I am glad that both Chocola and Vanilla are happy now, though.」

**Shigure:** 「They were able to get their Bells by going with Nii-sama.」

**Shigure:** 「It also seems like they've experienced love a bit as well, doesn't it?」

The two catgirls' combed each other's hair, still half-asleep.

Shigure gazed at them as if they were her very own lovely children.

**Shigure:** 「Not too long ago, they didn't even seem to care much about personal grooming like that, either.」

**Shigure:** 「Don't you think things are a little better now too, Nii-sama?」

**Kashou:** 「... Well, in it's own way.」

**Shigure:** 「My my, you are just not honest. Teehee\~」

She giggled as if she could see exactly how I truly felt.

... I did have a bit of uncalled-for pride just because I was a little older than her.

**Shigure:** 「If Chocola and Vanilla weren't going to accept you, I would have myself.」

**Shigure:** 「I may be your sister, but even before that, I am a woman.」

**Shigure:** 「It would be very difficult to turn down Nii-sama's affection.」

**Kashou:** 「Come on now. I couldn't do such things to my little sister.」

**Kashou:** 「You're always saying silly stuff like that.」

**Shigure:** 「Hyauuh, stop always treating me like a child\~」

I rubbed Shigure's head, messing up her hair.

She grimaced and scowled at me.

**Shigure:** 「I'm serious, you know? I'll do whatever I can for Nii-sama.」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, yeah. I get it, I get it. Thanks. Take this and that, too!」

**Shigure:** 「Geez, Nii-sama! No messing up my hair!」

She fixed her hair by patting it down.

Yep. She was the same old cute little sister.

**Shigure:** 「But you do seem to have become kinder too, Nii-sama.」

**Shigure:** 「It probably was a good thing for you to leave the house.」

**Shigure:** 「... I do feel a bit lonely, though.」

With a slightly lower tone in her voice...

... she smiled a somewhat sad and troubled smile.

**Kashou:** 「... I've caused a lot of problems for you in the past.」

When I wasn't able to get along with Dad.

When I'd practice my baking in secret.

When I left without saying anything.

Even after she had realized, she pretended she didn't.

She even secretly helped box up Chocola and Vanilla, too.

... It's hard to imagine that Shigure is my little sister, given how bright she is.

**Kashou:** 「I'll take good care of Chocola and Vanilla, so you don't need to worry.」

**Kashou:** 「Come over whenever you want.」

I rested my hand on Shigure's cheek, filling it with my feelings of appreciation.

**Shigure:** 「... Okay. Thank you very much, Nii-sama.」

Shigure responded with a soft smile and by leaning her cheek against my hand.

I could feel the softness and affection...

... of my small little sister passing through the palm of my hand as warmth.

**Chocola:** 「Master\~! Preparations for work are all done!」

**Vanilla:** 「Combat preparations complete. Not a single cow lick.」

**Kashou:** 「Oh, roger that.」

**Kashou:** 「Sorry, Shigure. I need to do a little bit of preparation to open the store.」

**Shigure:** 「No, no. I was the one who pressed upon you this early.」

**Shigure:** 「Today is a new day. Please do your best, Nii-sama.」

**Kashou:** 「Yep. You can just take it easy.」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola is going, too! See you later, Shigure-chan!」

**Vanilla:** 「I shall also be off to work. See you again, Shigure.」

**Shigure:** 「Okay\~ Have a good day at work!」

**Shigure:** 「... Mhmn. I guess this settles a lot of stuff.」

After being sure everyone had gone down to the bakery to work...

... Shigure sat on the living room sofa and muttered to herself.

**Shigure:** 「It's still hard to believe that Chocola and Vanilla are Nii-sama's catpanions now...」

**Shigure:** 「... It's almost like another girl has stolen away my crush from me. Teehee.」

Those catgirls who were once just little babies, are already...

Knowing that she had done it to herself...

... she couldn't help but let out an ironic laugh.

**Shigure:** 「... Well, I might as well give up on a dream that won't come to pass.」

**Shigure:** 「Maybe it's time I thought about letting my older brother go.」

As if to ask her yearning heart for the impossible...

As if to confess to the person she loved, who was just nearby...

She whispered it out once more:

At least, instead of me...

I can entrust my feelings to those catgirls instead of a girl I don't know.

I'm okay with always staying by his side as his little sister.

Breathing deeply to calm her prickling, pained heart...

... she closed her eyes and leaned back on the sofa.

**Shigure:** 「... Okay.」

**Shigure:** 「Now then, I guess I should start with tidying up Nii-sama's dirty clothes.」

She leapt up off the sofa...

... giving both her cheeks a quick slap, and looked out the window.

