**Vanilla:** 「Myaow... Master... were we able to satisfy you...?」

**Chocola:** 「Were both of us... able to act like proper catpanions until the very end of our date...?」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, both Chocola and Vanilla were very cute. There, there...」

**Chocola:** 「Ahah... That's great, then\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Mmhn... If Master is satisfied, then we're happy\~ ♪」

Mostly talking in their sleep...

... they purred and rubbed their cheeks against me.

As I also drifted off into slumber...

... I continued to pet them gently on the head.

**Kashou:** 「We'll take a bath together tomorrow when we wake up.」

**Kashou:** 「I'll wash your hair and bodies and clean you both up.」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola's so happy... A bath together... teehee...」

**Vanilla:** 「I'd like you to dry my hair after, too, meow...」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, of course. I'll brush it, too.」

**Chocola:** 「I'm so happy, being treated so dearly by Master, meow\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「The happiness of not only being a house catgirl, but also a catpanion\~ ♪」

As mumbles spilled from their lips...

... their voices trailed off, making it sound like they were talking in their sleep.

I gently embraced both of their heads...

... whispering into their ears with all my heart.

**Kashou:** 「... Let's do our best together, the three of us.」

**Chocola:** 「Yes... Master, Chocola, and Vanilla...」

**Vanilla:** 「Yes... It'll be always so fun and happy...」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, we'll have fun, and we'll be so happy...」

I made that promise to my beloved catpanions.

At some point, I melted into this blissful moment and drifted off to sleep.

