**Chocola:** 「Yay\~! Master, Master\~!!」

**Chocola:** 「Look, look over here\~!!」

**Chocola:** 「Fuwahh\~! These clothes are really nice! They're super cute\~!!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola is moved! ♪ Chocola is really moved, Master! ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, you're super cute...! Flip your skirt up just a bit!」

**Chocola:** 「Like this? Like this? Flip flip\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Ah. Master is looking at you with perverted eyes, Chocola.」

**Chocola:** 「Nooo\~ Master, you pervert\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Stop fooling around!」

The two catgirls showed off the uniforms they had just received comedically.

Swamped with work, I turned away from the two catgirls.

**Chocola:** 「Master! Do you think Chocola looks good in Master's shop uniform?」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, yeah, it looks really good.」

**Kashou:** 「Although it was last minute, I'm glad that we found something decent.」

**Vanilla:** 「Yep yep, good good. I was the one who chose these though.」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, it looks good on you too, Vanilla. I'm counting on you two, you know!」

**Vanilla:** 「... Well, we'll do our best to the extent of our ability.」

**Chocola:** 「Yay\~ Master praised us! ♪」

**Chocola:** 「From tomorrow on, let's do our best as shop catgirls, Vanilla!」

**Vanilla:** 「Since Master did prepare these uniforms for us, I guess I might as well. I will try.」

**Chocola:** 「Come on, you aren't being honest\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「You should also give Master some eye-candy by flipping your skirt a bit, Vanilla! Come on, come on\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Nyaahh... I'm not that kind of catgirl-- ahh, stop, Chocola...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Wait...! I said, don't... nyaah?!」

**Vanilla:** 「Th-That...! That isn't my skirt-- N-Nyaaaahhh?!」

**Kashou:** 「My catgirls sure are energetic.」

I looked at the frolicking catgirls out of the corner of my eye as I wiped the trays and tableware.

**Kashou:** 「... We open tomorrow, huh?」

The necessary ingredients were already in the refrigerator and the decorative plants for the shop had arrived.

I figured there would be more excitement to all of this, but naturally, that wasn't the case.

**Kashou:** 「Time did fly by when we were trying to get everything prepared though...」

I reached for the business cards that had just arrived that morning.

**Chocola:** 「Meow meow meow?! Master, what are those?! Just what could those be?」

**Vanilla:** 「Ohh. Could those be those things called "business cards?"」

**Chocola:** 「Amazing! That's amazing, Master! It even has the shop's address and phone number on it!」

**Vanilla:** 「It's a single card that tells you everything about this shop.」

**Vanilla:** 「You have no sense of discretion in an era where everyone is protective of their privacy.」

**Kashou:** 「No, that's exactly what business cards are used for.」

She knew about protecting personal information, but not about business cards...?

Well, it was true that it would be a pain if I was in some sort of strange business or something.

**Chocola:** 「Congratulations! Congratulations, Master!」

**Chocola:** 「With such a pretty business card, soon they'll all be gone and replaced with a shop packed with guests instead! ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, it would be nice if everything went like that.」

I rubbed the high-spirited Chocola on the head as if that dream had already been granted.

If she was already this genuinely happy about things, I began to feel like it all might go well.

... It really was reassuring to have someone else here along with me.

I found myself thinking about that all again.

**Vanilla:** 「...... Stare\~」

**Kashou:** 「What's wrong, Vanilla?」

**Vanilla:** 「I want one. Is it okay to take it?」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, I don't mind...」

It was rare for Vanilla to want something like that.

But I imagine even catgirls like to have mementos.

I had several hundred cards, so it really wasn't a big deal.

**Chocola:** 「Oh, oh! Chocola, too! Master, Chocola wants one too!」

**Kashou:** 「Okay, I had a lot made so go ahead and take however many you'd like.」

**Kashou:** 「Hey, wait! You can't take all of them!」

**Kashou:** 「That's not what I meant by take however many you want!」

I watched Chocola take the box and go.

Maybe Japanese was hard for them to understand.

**Chocola:** 「...... Stare\~」

**Vanilla:** 「...... Stare\~」

**Chocola:** 「...... Meow, fwahp!」

**Vanilla:** 「...... Meow, fwahp!」

**Chocola:** 「...... Stare...」

**Vanilla:** 「...... Stare...」

**Chocola:** 「...... Meow, fwahp!」

**Vanilla:** 「...... Meow, fwahp!」

**Chocola:** 「...... Meow! Fwahp!」

**Vanilla:** 「...... Meow! Fwahp!」

**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Meow meow! Meow, meow meow, meow meow!! (Fwahp fwahp!)」

**Kashou:** 「... You two really are cats.」

That was how I felt, watching those two get so engrossed in a regular cat toy.

Well, it did say "Go Ahead," so for now, I'll just let them play with it.

**Kashou:** 「Hmm, where can I find books on catgirls...」

As I looked around the store, an apron-clad shop clerk came up to me.

**Shop Clerk:** 「Is there anything I can help you with?」

**Kashou:** 「Do you have any books on raising cats? The humanoid kind.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Yes, certainly! They would be over here.」

**Kashou:** 「... Wow, there sure are a lot of books on catgirls.」

I was so taken aback by the tightly packed amount of books on catgirls, my thoughts happened to slip out.

"A Catgirl's Feelings", "Catgirl Education", "Catgirls at Full Speed... or Not!"

I didn't understand the last one... but in any case, there were a lot of books.

**Shop Clerk:** 「While there are a lot of these kinds of books, when it comes to catgirls, each individual one is different.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Humanoid cats can communicate with words, so if you just talk with them you should be able to work things out.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Are you those catgirls' master?」

**Kashou:** 「Oh, no, my little sister is their owne--」

**Kashou:** 「... Wait, no. I am their owner. I thought should do a bit of studying up on them.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「I see. I'll bring you some recommended books then. Please wait for a moment.」

It did feel awkward to declare that I was their owner.

But to be able to say that I was their owner was also something that made me a bit happy.

... I would say it was a part of my caring personality.

A wry smile formed on my face as I watched the two of them frantically slap the cat toy from a distance.

... Wait, they're still doing that?

**Shop Clerk:** 「Thank you for waiting. How about this book?」

The shop clerk came back and handed me a book.

"Catgirls: Year One to Adulthood".

**Shop Clerk:** 「If that's what you have on your plate, then maybe it would be better to learn about the special characteristics of catgirls instead of how to raise them.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「At this point, I don't think you need to teach them how to speak, use the restroom, or take a bath, after all.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「But it also covers topics related to adult catgirls, including mating seasons and physical development.」

**Kashou:** 「Right, that would be important.」

I rapidly flipped through the pages.

"Eating habits to promote growth", "Mating season", "Stable period during pregnancy".

"Catgirl training", "Ways to deal with catgirls", "Catgirl personalities", "Schooling".

It covered topics all the way to athletic competitions involving catgirls.

**Shop Clerk:** 「Whether a partner for life, partner for work, or partner for hobbies...」

**Shop Clerk:** 「... the relationship between owner and catgirl in various ways is like one of a family.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「It may not be great compared to books covering specific topics, but I think it's a decent one to start with.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「But even so, those catgirls over there have been raised very well...」

**Shop Clerk:** 「I think you'll be fine as long as they're able to talk like humans.」

**Kashou:** 「... You're right. They seem better raised than I was.」

I suddenly remembered not too long ago when Chocola and Vanilla managed to talk me out of sending them home.

... As an owner, I'd better study up.

With that thought in mind, I handed the book back to the shop clerk.

**Kashou:** 「In that case, I'd like to buy this.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「All right. Thank you very much.」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Ah, also, there is one more thing...」

**Kashou:** 「Hmm? What is it?」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Just what is going on over there? Your catgirls seem to be really into something, but...」

**Kashou:** 「Over there...?」

**Chocola:** 「Hah, hah, hah, hah...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「Hyuuh, hyuuh, hyuuh...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Dying... At this rate, Chocola will die...! Hah, hah, hah...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「I can see... the light... Hyuu, hyuu, hyuu...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「The only way you'll pass through... is over my dead body... Cough, cough, cough...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Go and tell M-Master that... until the end... Chocola was...!」

**Chocola:** 「... his splendid catgirl... Hah, hah, haah...!!」

**Kashou:** 「... Well, I guess I'll get that toy, too. Also, do you have any drinks?」

**Shop Clerk:** 「Thank you very much.」

... Sometimes, I really wondered if their heads were screwed on right.

Watching the two catgirls roll around as if on the verge of death suddenly made me feel anxious.

**Chocola:** 「S-Sorry, Master... We got a little carried away...」

**Vanilla:** 「No matter how much common knowledge we take in, we can't go against what is normal behaviour for us catgirls...」

**Kashou:** 「Well, I'll hang this up in the room, so play with it all you want.」

Their eyes flickered towards the toy that was jutting out of the plastic bag.

I guess on a genetic level, they really were cats.

The shop clerk did tell me, "That's just how things are," after all.

**Vanilla:** 「Hey, Master. Could you stop by the drugstore?」

**Kashou:** 「Hmm? I wasn't planning on it, but was there something you wanted?」

**Vanilla:** 「Well, if you put it that way, then yes, it's something like that. Is that all right?」

**Kashou:** 「I guess if you want to go, then we can go...」

Using such unclear words was uncharacteristic of Vanilla.

Just the other day, I had bought her a full set of hair care products.

I guess there was some medicine I wanted to stock up on, so I didn't mind.

**Kashou:** 「Okay, let's go, then.」

**Vanilla:** 「Yeah, let's go. Objective achieved.」

**Kashou:** 「Objective?」

**Vanilla:** 「Catgirls' have lots of them too, you know.」

**Kashou:** 「...? Well, that's fine, I guess...」

Maybe catgirls' lives aren't that easy...

I thought about that as we headed towards the drugstore.

**Chocola:** 「Hey hey, Master. What's men-stroo-al pain?」

**Chocola:** 「Ah, could men-stroo-al pain be...」

**Chocola:** 「It's the pain in your muscles when you're cleaning, right?! Chocola is very perceptive\~!」

**Kashou:** 「It's something like that. Look, can you keep it down? Okay?」

Stares from others in the store were piercing me once again.

There's no way I could get angry at their innocence either. Please try to understand my situation...

**Kashou:** 「In any case, why don't we go that way? There should be medicine over there.」

**Chocola:** 「Coordinates confirmed! Chocola will follow you, Master\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「By the way, what kind of medicine are you buying, Master?」

**Chocola:** 「You take medicine when you hurt or are in pain, right?」

**Chocola:** 「Do you hurt somewhere, Master?!」

**Chocola:** 「In that case, wouldn't it be better if you go to the hospital?!」

**Kashou:** 「It's just some household medicine. Thanks for your concern.」

I calmed down the concerned Chocola, who was right up in my face.

**Kashou:** 「Household medicine is the kind of medicine you buy, just in case something happens at home.」

**Chocola:** 「But when Chocola had a fever and was in pain, Master took Chocola to the hospital, right?」

**Kashou:** 「That time wasn't normal. Chocola is a catgirl too.」

**Kashou:** 「If you only have a slight cold, then medicine from the local store should be more than enough.」

**Chocola:** 「Ohhh, Chocola understands. There's a lot of different things to learn about humans.」

She picked up various medicine boxes and looked at them with admiration.

On that note, was it okay for catgirls to take regular human medicine?

A while ago I saw that Shigure had some medicine that said "--ship" or something on it, but...

**Chocola:** 「Ah, there's a clinic next door!」

**Chocola:** 「If they don't have the right medicine here, then you can go next door, right?」

**Chocola:** 「As expected of human civilization. Everything is made to be so convenient\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, that's about right.」

I answered her vaguely.

Well, Chocola hasn't been to a hospital for humans before, after all.

It's all right as long as she understands more or less what they are.

**Kashou:** 「... Huh? Where's Vanilla?」

**Chocola:** 「Huh? Now that you mention it, Chocola doesn't see her...」

Before I realized it, Vanilla had vanished.

Wasn't she the one that said she wanted to go to the drugstore, too...?

**Chocola:** 「Sniff sniff, sniff sniff...」

**Chocola:** 「Hah! Chocola can smell Vanilla's scent over there, Master!」

**Kashou:** 「By "over there," do you mean... outside of the store?」

I turned to where Chocola was pointing and saw that she was pointing outside.

**Vanilla:** 「Hmm? My dear Chocola, did you call me?」

All of a sudden, Vanilla came back inside the store.

**Kashou:** 「Huh, Vanilla? Where did you go?」

**Vanilla:** 「I just went to pick some flowers.」

**Kashou:** 「No, I mean, you clearly came from outside of the store just now.」

I pointed towards the sign for the restrooms inside the store.

There was no reason for Vanilla to lie, though...

Wait, she is a cat, so does it mean that she...?

**Kashou:** 「... Could it be that you didn't know what a restroom was and went outside to...?」

**Vanilla:** 「Pervert! That's really rude of you, Master!」

**Vanilla:** 「Super pervert! What an awful person!」

**Kashou:** 「Y-Yeah, that's true, huh? There's no way that would be the case, right. Sorry...!」

Vanilla's face was red with rage as I earnestly apologized.

... So that's how Vanilla looks when she gets angry, huh?

It's difficult to make sense of a catgirl's pride.

**Vanilla:** 「In any case, we should hurry back and prepare for the bakery's opening. It's tomorrow, after all.」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola and Vanilla will help out too, Master!」

**Kashou:** 「It's going to be a tall order, so I'm counting on you two.」

**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Okay!」

**Chocola:** 「Welcome! Have you decided on what you'd like to order?!」

**Vanilla:** 「There's not enough heart in it. Be more flirty and sexy!」

**Chocola:** 「Hrmm, hrmm. Sexy, huh? Okay, let's try once more from the top.」

**Chocola:** 「Ahhnn, welcummm\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Sorry. Honestly, blame me. Ignore what I just said.」

**Kashou:** 「Just for the record, this isn't that kind of bakery, okay?」

**Chocola:** 「Welcome! ♪ Our bakery's recommendation is cakes!」

**Kashou:** 「What good is it if a customer walks into a bakery and you recommend cakes to them?」

**Vanilla:** 「Wouldn't it be a problem to recommend stuff aside from cakes?」

**Kashou:** 「Well, that is true, but...」

While I was making preparations for tomorrow, the poster girls were off to the side practicing greetings.

I thought I heard them say they were going to help earlier, but... oh well.

Well, what I was doing could be done by one person for now, at least.

**Kashou:** 「Hmm, so that's it?」

I had a taste of the custard I'd just made.

There were no clumps and the taste was uniform. The sweetness was superb too.

**Kashou:** 「Now then, next I need to work on the pie dough--」

**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Stare\~ ♪ C'mon c'mon c'mon!!」

**Kashou:** 「...... Did you two want to have a taste?」

**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Meow, just as expected of Master\~ ♪」\n「Meow, as expected of Master♪」

I handed the custard-covered spatula over to them.

**Chocola:** 「Munch, mmm...」

**Chocola:** 「It's so goooood! It tastes good, Master\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Oh...! Lick lick, this not overly-sweet sweetness... Lick lick, it makes me want to lick it more...!」

**Chocola:** 「Master, could we have a second taste test?」

**Vanilla:** 「I would also like a second serving.」

**Kashou:** 「Okay, okay. Understood. This is the last one, okay?」

This time, I gave each of them a small spoon.

**Chocola:** 「Lick lick lick lick lick lick\~!」

**Vanilla:** 「Lick lick lick lick lick lick...!」

Fast -- just like a cat.

The two of them were wholeheartedly licking their spoons.

Well, I suppose their straightforwardness was sort of cute.

**Kashou:** 「... Well, even though I did ask for assistance, you two are just catgirls after all--」

**Chocola:** 「Th-Th-Th-That's not true!!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola CAN help Master!!」

**Chocola:** 「It's not like Chocola came here just so she could taste test it!!」

**Kashou:** 「Uwah, don't jump up like that all of a sudden! It's dangerous!」

**Vanilla:** 「I'm just a catgirl, so I'm fine with taste testing. Another serving, Master.」

**Kashou:** 「Hey, Vanilla, don't just go and take more yourself! That's a lot more than a mere taste!」

**Chocola:** 「It's okay! If you run out, Chocola will make a lot more, so don't worry!」

**Vanilla:** 「Oh, Chocola is getting fired up. I'm compelled to be excited with expectation about this. Stop right there, Master.」

**Kashou:** 「Nuwah, Vanilla, let go of me! All right, I'll make it!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola watched Master make it, so it will be all right! ♪ Leave it to Chocola!」

**Chocola:** 「Uhm... First, you pour milk in the bowl... then, uhm...」

**Chocola:** 「... Then you put in sunflower seeds... was it?」

**Kashou:** 「It's vanilla bean! The customers aren't hamsters, you know!」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, since you have the opportunity, you should make a lot. Then we'll be in custard heaven.」

**Chocola:** 「Roger that! Leave it to Chocola\~!」

**Vanilla:** 「Putting fresh cream in there should make it even more yummy. Leave it to me.」

**Chocola:** 「Ah...! Hah...! Ah, wait, this is heavy...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「Ah, Chocola. Could it be that this is what one might call extremely dangerou--」

**Chocola&Vanilla:** 「Myaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!!!」

**Chocola:** 「Meow\~ ♪ Baths feel good\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Meowph...! Master, there's water in my eyes...!」

**Kashou:** 「That's why I told you not to open your eyes. I'm going to wash you off again.」

**Vanilla:** 「Myauuu\~ I can't get used to baths meow...」

**Kashou:** 「You reap what you sow, right? Come on, close your eyes.」

I washed all the milk and fresh cream off Chocola and Vanilla in the shower.

**Kashou:** 「It's a small blessing that the damage was just limited to you two, huh?」

**Kashou:** 「Although, cleaning the bakery up did take a lot of effort.」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola is seowwy, but she's happy since it's been a long time since we've had a bath with Master\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Ah, now that you mention it, that's true.」

**Vanilla:** 「Considering that, Master's bathing techniques haven't improved even a bit... meowph?!」

**Kashou:** 「Come on, you get that for opening your mouth. Just keep quiet for a bit.」

**Vanilla:** 「Myauuu\~ You're being unreasonable, Myaster...」

When they were young catgirls, I did occasionally bathe with them...

... but once they started to mature, I refrained from getting in the bath with them.

... It wasn't because I felt guilty or anything, though.

Ever since they were small, I've thought of them like little sisters -- maybe even daughters -- in a way.

... Besides, they've become more feminine to some degree, too.

Wait a minute, they're catgirls. What am I doing, thinking stuff like that?!

**Chocola:** 「What's wrong, Master? You're shivering like a wet kitten.」

**Kashou:** 「Huh? Ah, it's nothing at all.」

**Kashou:** 「Uhh, right! I was just thinking that your hair has gotten longer.」

**Chocola:** 「Shigure-chan said our hair had a nice gloss to it, so we should let it grow out. We've done so since then\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「The fact that Master noticed that it's gotten longer is because you haven't bathed with us in a long time, right\~?」

**Vanilla:** 「Master thinks it's a pain, so it can't be helped.」

**Vanilla:** 「He's someone who doesn't listen to the requests of his catgirls.」

**Kashou:** 「Though you two are catgirls, you're also maturing girls as well.」

**Kashou:** 「Have some shame. At least a bit.」

**Chocola:** 「Shay-mnh? Shigure-chan says that word from time to time...」

**Chocola:** 「But when someone says that, nothing really comes to mind, meow\~」

**Vanilla:** 「For catgirls who haven't entered mating season yet, human emotions like those are difficult to understand.」

**Kashou:** 「Sheesh, you two act like cats only when it's convenient, huh...」

**Kashou:** 「Come on, I'll wash your heads now.」

With shampoo in my hands, I went to work it into a lather in their hair.

Their hair was beautiful and free of split ends thanks to Shigure's constant care.

Even to the untrained eye, I could see the merit in having them grow out their hair.

**Vanilla:** 「Master, how can you say that when you're clearly happy about it? Pervert.」

**Chocola:** 「Me-me-meow...?! Master, why are you looking at Chocola that way...?!」

**Vanilla:** 「Heheh, you can't fool a catgirl's eyes.」

**Kashou:** 「Your eyes have been closed the whole time though, Vanilla.」

**Kashou:** 「Besides, to think I'd lust for catgirls like you two...」

**Kashou:** 「... when you're just like troublesome daughters to me!」

**Chocola:** 「Meow\~ ♪ So Master is our papa, then? That's not bad, either! ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「It isn't a bad idea, so I'm willing to allow it.」

**Kashou:** 「Yes, yes, it's my honor.」

Pleasant thoughts floated through my head as I stroked their hair.

The idea of taking care of cute daughters didn't sound so bad to me.

After all, even Shigure used to constantly follow me around long ago.

I suppose it's okay for me to say I'm rather good at taking care of others.

**Kashou:** 「Come on, while I'm washing your hair, you'd better make sure to wash the rest of you, too! Don't forget your tails, either!」

**Chocola:** 「Since we have the chance, please do it for us, Master\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「I already have my hands full with washing your hair.」

**Vanilla:** 「Instead of our stingy master, why I don't I wash your tail as usual.」

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, why don't you do that?」

**Kashou:** 「I'm gonna pour water over you again. Close your eyes and mouth and hold your breath.」

**Vanilla:** 「Meowph...! Master, you deliberately poured it on my face...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Meow, it's in my ears...! M-Myaaaahhh...!」

**Chocola:** 「Myahah\~ ♪ Please give Chocola a shower too, Master! ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Okay okay\~ You're up next!」

... It was a lot of effort, but this kind of change of pace might've been good.

As I carefully washed their hair, that thought crossed my mind.

**Kashou:** 「... Okay, looks like the sponge cake dough has a good consistency.」

I covered the bowl of dough with plastic wrap and put it in the refrigerator.

It's not like we'll have a packed house on opening day...

... so this much dough should be enough.

All that was left was to be prepared for when the bakery actually opens.

**Kashou:** 「Okay! The only thing that still needs to be done is to cut up the fruit for the toppings and then I'm done.」

I stretched and then looked at the clock. The hour hand had already moved from 11 o'clock to midnight.

**Kashou:** 「Chocola, Vanilla. I'm almost done, so you two can go and sleep first--」

**Kashou:** 「...... Hmm?」

**Chocola:** 「Hwah... hwah...」

**Vanilla:** 「Zzz... Zzz...」

I looked over my shoulder to see the two of them sleeping fitfully on the sofa.

They leaned against each other cozily, smiling as if in the middle of a wonderful dream.

**Kashou:** 「... And they said they'd be awake until I finished.」

They'd been full of activity since the morning, so they were probably exhausted.

I crouched down and poked both of their cheeks.

**Chocola:** 「Mmm... yesh, welcome...」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola is La Sholeil's poster catgirl, Chocoleth... ♪ Zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「Meow... Master, we're... out of tea...」

**Vanilla:** 「Hurry up and bake the next cakes... Huhree huhree... Zzz...」

Chocola and Vanilla were one step ahead, acting as waitresses in their dreams.

It sounded like they were in a rush, as if La Soleil was packed.

**Kashou:** 「... They really are still children, aren't they.」

They were cute, like children excited before the start of a trip.

I gently rubbed them both on the head...

... and the sweet smell of their leave-in hair treatment tickled my nose.

**Kashou:** 「Come on, you two. You can't sleep here, okay? You're going to bed.」

**Chocola:** 「Meowmmnn... You shouldn't touch Chocola while we're working, Master... ♪ Zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「That's... sexual harassment... Master, you can't do that to customers... Zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「Even I'm holding back... Zzz...」

**Kashou:** 「What are you two talking about?」

It didn't look like they had any intention of waking up.

Without any other choice, I picked them up one at a time and carried them to the bedroom.

**Chocola:** 「Zzz... zzz... Master... zzz...」

**Vanilla:** 「Meowmh... Chocola... zzz... zzz...」

**Kashou:** 「You two really are a handful...」

I covered the two closely curled up catgirls with a blanket.

Once more, I gently rubbed their heads before I quietly closed the bedroom door.

**Kashou:** 「... Okay, just one last bit!」

Alone in the living room, I stretched and took a deep breath.

**Kashou:** 「I need to work even harder tomorrow... for Chocola and Vanilla's sake, too.」

As I murmured the names of my precious family members, I stretched my hands out and continued my preparations.

