**Vanilla:** 「Sniff, sniff, sniff, sniff...」

**Vanilla:** 「There's a super erotic smell coming from Chocola.」

**Vanilla:** 「She's waiting for it, isn't she?」

**Chocola:** 「Meow...! Don't say that...!」

**Chocola:** 「Master is looking and everything...! Hauuu... nooo...!」

**Vanilla:** 「You're not convincing anyone when it's obvious that you're excited.」

Vanilla's hands crept along Chocola's body.

Her hands swiftly and expertly slipped in between Chocola's chest and legs.

**Vanilla:** 「... Teehee, you're already wet down here.」

**Chocola:** 「Haah...! No, don't say that... Ah, haah...!」

**Chocola:** 「Ahh... haah, no...! Vanilla's hand is doing something dirty... mmph...!」

Schlick, schlurck, schlick.

You could hear a sticky sound every time Vanilla moved her hand.

**Vanilla:** 「Look, Master... Can you see it? The perverted look Chocola has on her face...」

Vanilla traced her slender fingers up to Chocola's chin and raised her embarrassed face up.

**Chocola:** 「Myahh...! No, don't, Vanilla...!」

**Chocola:** 「Don't let Master see Chocola's lewd expressions... Ahh...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee, make even more pleasurable moans, okay?」

**Vanilla:** 「Let Master see even more of your dirty expressions.」

**Chocola:** 「Meow... Don't, ahh...! Master, don't look...!」

As she tried to turn her face away from me in vain...

... I could see her narrow, tear-filled eyes.

To be honest, it was incredibly erotic.

Lumps began to form in my throat and I found myself swallowing my saliva.

I couldn't take my eyes off Chocola.

**Vanilla:** 「Come on, Master... Just standing there and watching is not okay.」

**Vanilla:** 「Come over here. Chocola will get you all ready\~」

**Kashou:** 「What do you mean by g-get me ready...?」

Just as I was told, I came near them...

... as Vanilla sweetly whispered in Chocola's ear.

**Vanilla:** 「Now, Chocola... you know what to do, right?」

**Chocola:** 「M-Myahh... Y-Yeah... Chocola thinks she does...」

She gulped.

Timidly, she stretched a hand towards my pants.

**Chocola:** 「M-Master... please excuse... me...」

**Kashou:** 「Ch-Chocola...?! Wait...!」

I completely froze up and leapt back.

However, Chocola didn't seem surprised.

She looked somewhat happy, causing another lump to well up in my throat.

**Chocola:** 「Meow... Master's... is... really perverted...」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee. Looking at Chocola's lewd expressions made it that big...」

**Vanilla:** 「Master, no matter what you said, you're a pervert too, right?」

**Kashou:** 「Well, that is... Of course... I'd become like this...!」

Somehow, that was all I could say.

Chocola stuck out her small tongue for me to imagine what was to happen next.

That alone made me impatient with desire.

**Chocola:** 「Ahah, Master... something slimy is coming out of it...」

**Chocola:** 「... This is because... it wants to go inside of Chocola, right?」

**Kashou:** 「Well... it's because you have such an incredibly erotic look on your face...」

**Chocola:** 「Meow, I'm so happy\~ ♪ Master got aroused because of Chocola...」

**Chocola:** 「This slimy stuff has a really lewd smell... It's making my head spin\~ ♪」

Chocola beamed happily.

The tip of her tongue was close but not quite close enough to touch me.

But I instinctively reacted to it anyways since she was so close.

**Chocola:** 「Meow\~ ♪ It's twitching... Master is really perverted\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola can't hold back much longer either...」

**Chocola:** 「It's okay if Chocola... licks it... right...? Mm, lick...」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, ahh... lick, lick... slurp, mm...」

**Chocola:** 「Haa... Master's thing is so hot... slurp, lick, lick...」

**Chocola:** 「Shlurp, slurp... mm, haah... My mind is going blank... shlurp, lick...」

**Kashou:** 「Haah...! Ah, guhh... Chocola...! Uwah...!」

The sensation of a catgirl's unique tongue.

And the softness of her lips.

Those two sensations mixed together with her saliva as her mouth crawled over me.

**Chocola:** 「Meow\~♪ Master's voice is cute\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Did that feel good just now...? Lick, lick, slurp, slurp...」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, you have such a perverted look on your face...」

**Chocola:** 「Aha, of course! ♪ I'm licking my beloved Master after all\~ ♪ Mm, slurp...」

**Chocola:** 「Haah\~ ♪ Master... is it all right if I put your thing in my mouth...?」

**Chocola:** 「It'll definitely feel even better, so... please let me put it in my mouth\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Chocola...! Gah, this feels really... good already...」

**Chocola:** 「Okay, I'm going to put it in my mouth then... Ahh, mmph\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, mm... slurp, slurp... M-Mmph\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Uwah...! Ah, gwah... Ahh...!!」

The pleasure was stronger than before, making my hips shiver.

The sensations from her small lips and the rough texture of her tongue...

... along with the warmth of her mouth mercilessly coiled around me.

**Kashou:** 「Haah... Chocola...! Uwahh... haah...!」

**Chocola:** 「Fuwah\~ ♪ My mouth is full with Master\~♪」

**Chocola:** 「Master... mm, slurp, slurp... Does Chocola's mouth feel good...?」

**Chocola:** 「Teehee. Judging by your face, it looks like I don't need to ask though\~ ♪ Ahh, mmph, mmm...」

She'd change where she'd focus on subtly depending on my reaction.

Chocola let out a giggle and smiled lewdly at me as I instinctively reacted to the sensations.

She began to attack the areas that felt best even more.

**Kashou:** 「Eugh...! Chocola, where did... you learn to...?!」

**Chocola:** 「This is part of... a catgirl's... lick, slurp... instinct...」

**Chocola:** 「I want to make my beloved Master feel good, so... Mmph\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Haah... after all, if I make Master feel good...」

**Chocola:** 「M-Mmph... A lot of thick semen will... come out, right...?」

**Chocola:** 「That's why I have to... have to make Master feel really, reallllly good\~ ♪ Mmph.」

**Kashou:** 「O-Okay, but...! Eugh, uwah...!」

Each time Chocola moved, there was the sound of her slurping mixed with her saliva.

Innocent Chocola had opened her mouth wide up in order to take all of me in.

The gap between her pure personality and how she was now overwhelmed me with pleasure.

**Vanilla:** 「... Chocola and Master are enjoying themselves together.」

**Vanilla:** 「Don't forget that I'm here too.」

**Chocola:** 「Meow... V-Vanilla...?! Myaahn...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Meow...! Don't! Not my ears... Ahh, I'm shivering...! Ahhh...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「Mmph, mmm... slurp, lick... mmph, mmm...」

**Vanilla:** 「... Teehee, your nipples are getting hard... I'll play with them too, okay?」

**Chocola:** 「Ahn...! N-No...! I can't, haah, focus on sucking on... Meow, ahh...!」

Her mouth stopped moving as her body shivered.

Every time Chocola moaned, I felt an itching vibration flow through me.

I stifled myself from moaning from the new type of pleasure I felt.

**Vanilla:** 「Mmph, smooch, lick... Chocola's mouth isn't doing anything.」

**Vanilla:** 「If you don't do anything, then Master won't feel good, you know? Is that okay with you?」

**Chocola:** 「It's not... but...! Ahh, mmmph\~! No, haaah...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「Well, you better try harder then. If you don't, you'll disappoint Master.」

**Kashou:** 「I-I'm not disappointed or anything...!」

**Chocola:** 「I-It's all right...! Chocola will do her best...!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola will do her best to suck on it lots...! Please feel lots of pleasure...!」

Shlurp, shlurp, shlurp, shlurp.

**Kashou:** 「Uwah...! Chocola... Ah, that's... Oh...!!」

I continued to shake my head as I desperately resisted the pleasure.

The vibration of her mouth combined with her moans felt incredibly good.

Even if I tried pulling my hips away, my legs would seize up almost intentionally so that I wouldn't be able to escape.

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, mmm...! Master... Master...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Mm, mmph...! Shlurp, mm...! Mmph, mmhmn...!!」

**Kashou:** 「Wait, Chocola...! Slow down... a bit...!!」

Shlurp, lick, slurp, shlurrrp, slurp, slurrp.

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, mm, mmm...! Hah, mm, mm, mmph...!!」

**Chocola:** 「It's all right... Cum lots... and lots...」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph! Shlurp, slurp! Mmph, mm, mmmph...!!」

**Kashou:** 「Uwah...! Ahh... Chocola...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph...! Mm... mmph...!! Mm, mmmph...!!」

Squirt...! Spurt, spurt... spurt...!

**Kashou:** 「Gwahh...! Chocola...!!」

Spurt, spurt! Squirt, spurt...!

**Chocola:** 「Mmph...! Mm, mmph\~ M-Mmph...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Mm... gulp, gulp...! Mmph, nnng, mmm...!!」

**Kashou:** 「Ah... ahh...! Uwah... Chocola...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Haah... haah... haahn... Haah, haah...」

**Kashou:** 「S-Sorry, Chocola...! I couldn't hold back any longer and...」

**Chocola:** 「Teehee, why are you apologizing...? Chocola is really happy...」

**Chocola:** 「Master's... haah\~ ♪ Lots of it came out. It sends shivers through me... Haaah\~ ♪」

She had an alluring smile on her face as her body twitched...

... and her face was completely painted in my semen.

**Vanilla:** 「Haah... Chocola, you're all covered in semen... It's so perverted...」

**Chocola:** 「Yeah, being covered in Master's semen... sends shivers through Chocola\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「You felt so good inside Chocola's mouth, you couldn't hold back right, Master...?」

**Chocola:** 「Even though this is something that should've been released inside of Chocola, I...」

**Chocola:** 「Master, you couldn't hold back and came inside Chocola's mouth right...? Teehee...」

**Kashou:** 「I-If you say it like that, I'll...」

She had a perverted smile on her face as she looked up at me.

With a finger, she scooped up some semen from her face and tasted it.

... Do their personalities really change this much when they're in heat?

Or could it be that Chocola was actually like this from time to time...

I thought about that while gazing at Chocola's fingertip.

**Chocola:** 「Teehee, you're not allowed to look at Chocola with such a dirty look on your face, okay...?」

**Chocola:** 「This time, you have to make sure to shoot it all in here\~ ♪」

She said that as she began to caress her lower body.

**Kashou:** 「You can say that but, uhm... human males can't repeatedly...!」

**Kashou:** 「Uwah...?! Ch-Chocola...?!」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, mmm... slurp, shlurp, mmph, mmm...」

Even though I was completely drained, she began to suck on me once again.

This time, her tongue felt even more sticky than before.

Without any hesitation, Chocola continued to play with me inside her mouth.

**Chocola:** 「Ahah, it's all right... Mmph, slurp... No matter how many times, mm...」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola will make it nice and big again\~ ♪ See, mmph...」

**Kashou:** 「Eugh... ah, gwah...! Chocola...!」

**Chocola:** 「Teehee, I've told you can't escape\~ ♪ I've finally got this figured out after all... Mm.」

Shlurp, slurp, slurp, chlurp, slurrrp.

She seemed to be having fun as she squeezed me.

Without a moment's delay, she had made me hard again.

**Chocola:** 「See, Master... It's already big again\~ ♪」

There was a string of saliva attached from her lips as she pulled her head away.

She looked at my erection with a perverted smile.

**Kashou:** 「Chocola... you really are too sexy...」

**Chocola:** 「Yes... Chocola will do whatever Master wants if it'll make you happy\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Master...」

Chocola spread her legs as Vanilla held her.

Her legs were open and waiting for me.

I could clearly see the love juices dripping out from inside of her.

**Vanilla:** 「Wow, Chocola. You're already this wet.」

**Chocola:** 「Yes\~ ♪ Chocola's been waiting for this, after all...」

She said that as she fixed her gaze on me.

**Kashou:** 「... I guess it would be too late to back out, huh?」

**Chocola:** 「Teehee, there's no way you'd do that, right...?」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola wants it so much right now that she's going crazy...」

**Vanilla:** 「Master, after coming this far with me, do you still need me to explain?」

**Kashou:** 「Don't be stupid. Do you think I'd back down now?」

I moved in between Chocola's legs and...

... gently touched Chocola, becoming even more erect than earlier.

I could feel the difference between the slipperiness of her saliva and a different kind of sticky fluid against my tip.

**Chocola:** 「Master, please put it inside... inside of Chocola...」

**Chocola:** 「Please give Chocola... lots of love\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, I'm going to put it in...」

Chocola nodded at my words as I slowly entered her.

**Chocola:** 「Ahhh\~ ♪ Master, Master...!」

**Chocola:** 「This is... a-amazing...! It's so thick, ahh...! Myahhh...!!」

She threw her head back while moaning sweetly.

As her delicate body trembled...

... she lifted her hips and accepted me into her.

**Kashou:** 「... ! Chocola, are you all right...?」

**Chocola:** 「Ch-Chocola's fine...! Uhm, it doesn't hurt or anything... Ahh\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「I-It feels good...! Myah, ahhh\~ ♪ Ahh, ahn\~ ♪」

She tightly gripped the bed sheets...

... as she exhaled heavily, almost as if in pain.

Chocola's insides were sticky and warm.

The wetness coiling around me inside her was even more intense than her mouth.

**Chocola:** 「Just like that, go all the way inside...! Go all the way inside of Chocola...!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola wants all of Master... inside of her...!」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh... I'll put all of it inside of you...! Chocola...!」

**Chocola:** 「Ahhhn...! Master...! Myahhhh...!!」

There was a particular squishing sound around my base.

While her body continued to shiver...

... Chocola tightened around the shape of my thing.

**Chocola:** 「Haah... a-ahhh... Is that all of you, Master...?」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, all of it... all of me is inside of you, Chocola.」

**Chocola:** 「Meow... That makes Chocola happy\~ ♪ Chocola's all filled up with Master... Amazing...」

She affectionately rubbed her lower body.

**Vanilla:** 「It's so nice that Master agreed to help you right, Chocola?」

**Chocola:** 「Mhmm\~ ♪ More than just feeling good... Chocola's really happy, meow\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee. You sure look like you're enjoying this. Right, Master?」

**Kashou:** 「Ahhh, you're making such a cute face.」

**Chocola:** 「Myaaahn\~ ♪ You're saying things just to make Chocola happy again\~ ♪」

Her insides tightened in response.

**Kashou:** 「Does it hurt, Chocola?」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola's totally fine...」

**Chocola:** 「Actually, it feels really good... Haah\~ ♪ I'm so happy\~♪」

**Chocola:** 「Does Chocola's body feel good, Master...?」

**Chocola:** 「Did Chocola do her job and make Master... feel good...?」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, it feels really good.」

It was only a casual compliment.

But just like that, her insides slowly continued to bind me.

I had only just put it in her, but the pleasure from her sticky, hot insides was amazing.

**Chocola:** 「Ahah, thank goodness\~ ♪ Chocola was able to show her love for Master, right...?」

**Chocola:** 「So please, Chocola wants you to move inside her even more\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「... Are you sure you'll be all right then?」

**Chocola:** 「Yes. Master, you should know best since you're the one inside of Chocola, right?」

Even though I wasn't moving, love juices flowed out from inside of Chocola.

It was as if her insides were beckoning for me impatiently.

**Chocola:** 「The more pleasure Master feels, the more Chocola is sure Chocola will feel even more pleasure too\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「So please give Chocola... lots and lots of love\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「To think that you could make such a sweet and alluring voice, Chocola.」

**Vanilla:** 「I will give Chocola lots of love alongside Master too.」

**Chocola:** 「Myaahh...! No, Vanilla... Don't rub Chocola's nipples\~ ♪」

Vanilla's fingers reached towards her chest...

... and rubbed her nipples with her slender fingertips.

**Vanilla:** 「They're getting really stiff now\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「So Chocola had this lewd of a body this whole time, huh.」

**Chocola:** 「N-No\~ ♪ It's because Chocola's being touched by Master and Vanilla\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee, what a cute thing to say...」

**Vanilla:** 「I'll give you some more love, then.」

**Chocola:** 「Myah...! Don't squeeze Chocola's nipples! Myahh, myahh, ahhh...!」

**Kashou:** 「Uwah...! Wow... your insides are reacting so much...!」

Each time Vanilla squeezed Chocola's nipples...

... her insides would tighten around me in unison.

I found myself letting out an embarrassing gasp without realizing it.

**Vanilla:** 「Master? Come on, you better start moving.」

**Vanilla:** 「It would be sad to leave Chocola waiting, right?」

**Kashou:** 「A-Ahh... I'm going to move, okay, Chocola...?」

**Chocola:** 「M-Move...?! Myaaahn, don't, Master...!」

**Chocola:** 「If you go crazy inside of Chocola, she'll\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Ahh! No, myaaahh! Ahh, Master, Master!」

**Kashou:** 「Eugh...! Chocola... This is amazing...!」

Crap, this feels so incredible...!

I had slowly begun getting used to things...

... but the excessive tightening of her insides was causing small gasps to escape.

**Chocola:** 「A-Ahh...! Master, this is amazing...! Sex is amazing...!」

**Chocola:** 「It feels so good deep inside Chocola...! Ah, ahh...!」

**Chocola:** 「It really feels so good...! A-Ahh, Master, ahhn...!」

**Kashou:** 「You're overflowing, Chocola...」

**Chocola:** 「Yes, yes...! Chocola knows that it's really flowing out...!」

**Chocola:** 「But, Chocola feels so good that she can't stop...! Mmph, no...! A-Ahh...!」

Schlick, schlurge, schloock.

There was a sticky, wet sound every time I thrust in and out of her.

Engulfed from base to tip...

... whether I thrusted in or pulled out, there was no escape from the pleasure as I moaned.

**Vanilla:** 「... It's not fair that you two are having all the fun.」

**Chocola:** 「Fumyaah...? V-Vanilla... M-Mmph...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola... mm, slurp, lick, lick... Mmph, schlurp, smooch...」

**Chocola:** 「Vanilla, ahn, mmph...! Slurp, lick... mmph, haah...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Mm, schlurp, slurp, mmph... Lick, mmph, slurrp...」

Vanilla's body curled up as she indulged in Chocola's lips.

Vanilla's tongue attacked Chocola's open mouth relentlessly...

... and before I knew it, their mouths dripped with saliva.

**Vanilla:** 「If Master is going to tease Chocola down there...」

**Vanilla:** 「... then I shall enjoy this mouth up here... Mmph, lick, mmph, lick...」

**Chocola:** 「Haah, Vanilla... mmph, eugh, gulp... schlurp, gulp, gulp...」

Each time Vanilla's saliva mixed with Chocola's...

... her ivory throat swallowed it up alluringly.

As Chocola's top and bottom were being made soaking wet...

... she stuck her tongue out and her hips matched my motions.

**Kashou:** 「... You two are way too lewd.」

**Chocola:** 「Mmph, fuwah... Well, it's because it feels so good\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「There's no way I wouldn't be this soaking wet if it weren't for the two people I love\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee, it's because Chocola keeps saying such cute things.」

**Vanilla:** 「Well now, Master and I will make you even more wet then... shlurp, slurp, lick\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「Mm, mmph, haah... eugh, gulp, lick, slurp...」

**Chocola:** 「Haah, haah... if you make Chocola this wet...」

**Chocola:** 「... she'll go crazy! Haah, ahhh\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「What a lewd look you have on your face\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Come on, Master. If you don't work a bit harder, then Chocola won't feel more pleasure.」

**Chocola:** 「V-Vanilla...?! Anymore and Chocola will...!」

**Chocola:** 「Th-This is enough, more than enough...! Anymore pleasure and Chocola will...!!」

**Kashou:** 「Ahh, I'm starting to get it now, so don't worry.」

Chocola's body squirmed as if trying to escape.

I held her hips so she couldn't escape...

**Kashou:** 「Where Chocola feels the best is... deep inside here, right?」

... and then forcefully thrust into Chocola's deepest parts.

**Chocola:** 「Myaaahn! Ahh, ahhhh!! No, meowww!!」

**Chocola:** 「Master, right there! It's really... deep inside... ahh, ahhh! Ahhhn!!」

**Chocola:** 「Myaahh! Ahh, noo! Don't! Chocola's going crazy! Chocola's going crazy, ahh, ahhh!!」

Each thrust caused her body to tremble.

As Chocola's sweet voice grew even louder than before...

... her love juices continued to pour all over me.

**Vanilla:** 「Haah\~ ♪ Chocola, you're moaning a lot\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Does it feel good deep inside of you, Chocola?」

**Vanilla:** 「Does it feels good when Master forces himself deep inside you even, though it's still just your first time?」

**Chocola:** 「Myaah\~ ♪ Hah, ahhhn\~ ♪ Y-Yes, so deep...!」

**Chocola:** 「It feels so good when Master thrusts deep into my body! No, myaahh! ♪」

**Kashou:** 「By just thrusting deep inside you...! You're twitching and tightening around me so much...」

**Vanilla:** 「Teehee, it's so that Master will cum deep inside of her, right?」

**Vanilla:** 「She wants you to cum in her deepest spot, so she's making it feel good when you thrust, right?」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola is such a perverted catgirl, huh.」

**Chocola:** 「Meow, don't say that...! Master will really start to think that Chocola's a perverted catgirl\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「I already know that you are, so don't worry about it.」

**Chocola:** 「Myahh, ahhhhn\~ ♪ Chocola's sorry. Chocola's sorry that she's such a perverted catgirl\~ ♪」

**Chocola:** 「It does feel good though...! Sex with Master feels so good that Chocola feels like she's going crazy\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「Haah, Chocola, you're really moaning a lot\~ ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「You're so lewd that it's even giving me shivers...」

As she screamed out such erotically cute words...

... her body trembled as even louder, wetter sounds than before rang out.

Truthfully, I was almost at my limit.

**Kashou:** 「Now then, I'm going to thrust even harder, okay?」

**Chocola:** 「H-Harder...?! Even harder...?!

**Chocola:** 「I-If you do it any harder...!」

**Chocola:** 「D-Don't, Master...! Forgive Chocola! If you thrust any harder...」

**Chocola:** 「Ahh! Meow, ahhh!! It's so intense, ahh, myaahhhh!!」

**Chocola:** 「Ahh! It feels good. It feels too good! Chocola really is going crazy! Ahh, myahh!!」

**Chocola:** 「Ch-Chocola can't take it any more...! Master...! Chocola, Chocola is...!!」

**Vanilla:** 「Are you going to come, Chocola? Are you about to come?」

**Chocola:** 「Yes, yes...! Ch-Chocola already came lots though...!」

**Chocola:** 「Something amazing, something amazing is coming...! Meow, ahhn...!!」

I grimaced, savoring the pleasure...

... as she continued to tighten around me.

**Kashou:** 「I'm just about at my limit...!」

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola, Master is ready to cum too.」

**Vanilla:** 「You have to tell him where you want him to cum.」

**Chocola:** 「Ahh, ahhh! Inside, deep inside of Chocola...!」

**Chocola:** 「Shoot lots of your semen inside of Chocola...!」

**Chocola:** 「Please cum in Chocola's deepest place! Master!!」

She tightly gripped the sheets...

... as she called out to me, completely at her limit.

I couldn't stop myself.

I savored the feeling of the depth of her small body without hesitation.

**Kashou:** 「Guh...! Chocola, I...!」

**Chocola:** 「Cum, please cum! Let Chocola make you cum!!」

**Chocola:** 「There, right there! Please shoot lots of cum into my deepest place!!」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola is, ahh, ah! Already, myahh!! Myaahhh, sh-she can't...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Myahhhhh...! Ah, ahhhhhh...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Wow...! You came so much inside of Chocola...! Ahhhh...!!」

**Kashou:** 「Chocola...! Guh, I'm still...!!」

**Chocola:** 「Hyahh, ahh...! Ahhhh...! There's still... so much...!」

**Chocola:** 「A-Ahhhh...! Master...! Ahhh...!!」

I repeatedly shot loads of semen inside of her...

... while I was still in Chocola's deepest place.

She tightened each time...

... as if to squeeze every last drop out of me.

**Chocola:** 「Haah... haah... haah...」

**Chocola:** 「Master... Master... haah, haah...」

**Vanilla:** 「Did you come with Master too, Chocola...?」

**Chocola:** 「Yeah\~ ♪ Master came inside Chocola\~ ♪」

Chocola had a blank look on her face as she took in the afterglow...

... while semen dripped out from inside her.

I was filled with a sense of affection and conquest.

**Vanilla:** 「Chocola looks so happy...」

**Chocola:** 「Yeah. Sex is amazing...」

**Chocola:** 「Chocola's so happy that she thought she would die... Haah\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「Was everything okay, Chocola?」

**Kashou:** 「It's just that... I suddenly stopped doing it gently, so...」

**Chocola:** 「Teehee, Master is really kind. Chocola is completely fine, okay?」

**Chocola:** 「Making love to the Master I adore felt really good\~ ♪」

She had a glowing, happy smile on her face.

Her shoulders continued to move up and down as she caught her breath.

**Chocola:** 「How was it, Master...?」

**Chocola:** 「Did Chocola properly show her love to you, Master...?」

There was an intensity in her words as she murmured to me.

Chocola let go of the sheets and reached out towards me.

I intertwined my fingers with hers...

... and then strongly, but lovingly tightened my hand around hers.

**Kashou:** 「Yeah, I could feel how much you loved me, so don't worry.」

**Kashou:** 「Thank you, Chocola.」

While Chocola quietly smiled in return...

**Chocola:** 「Yes... Chocola loves you, Master...」

I gave her a tender kiss.

