**Kashou:** 「... All right.」

**Kashou:** 「My strength has fully returned, so it's time to work hard agai--」

**Kashou:** 「.... Huh?」

**Kashou:** 「Huh...? Whaaaaat...?」

**Kashou:** 「Ju... wh-what... why...?」

**Azuki:** 「Delish! This is totes delish!」

**Azuki:** 「I thought Western desserts were a bit "meh," but these aren't bad at all! Gobble, smaurch, munch!」

**Maple:** 「Azuki, you really don't know how to eat properly, do you.」

**Maple:** 「No one is going to steal it from you, so eat in a more refined manner.」

**Maple:** 「Your bad manners are ruining the taste of this delicious tea!」

**Cinnamon:** 「Everyone has matching uniforms just like Chocola-chan and Vanilla-chan\~ ♪」

**Cinnamon:** 「How cuuuute! I'm so happyyyy! ♪ And Na-chan's in the same thing\~!」

**Coconut:** 「Auuuh... Th-This might not suit... a catgirl like me...」

**Coconut:** 「These sorts of clothes... unless you're a small, cute catgirl, they... Uuuu...」

**Shigure:** 「That's not true. So long as the model is good, it works.」

**Shigure:** 「Coconut is one of my prized catgirls, so stand proud, stand proud!」

**Cinnamon:** 「It's true, you know\~? Na-chan is a tall, cool catgirl\~ ♪」

**Coconut:** 「Uuuu... That's what I don't like...... I wanted to be cute, myaaah...」

**Chocola:** 「There's plenty more, everyone\~! ♪」

**Chocola:** 「This is Chocola and Master's first joint effort! We made lots and lots, so eat, eat! ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「There's a large variety of black teas.」

**Vanilla:** 「There's too many to remember, so I made a catalogue. Please order using the numbers.」

**Kashou:** 「... Huh? What's this? What's going on?」

Somehow, my bakery had become a sort of catgirl cafe.

The first thing I saw this morning was so unexpected, my brain couldn't process it all.

**Shigure:** 「Good morning, Nii-sama.」

**Shigure:** 「This recent incident has gotten me thinking...」

She wore a sunny smile that no cloud could cover up.

The catgirls looked at me with similar smiles.

I felt myself break out in a cold sweat...

**Kashou:** 「Haah... thinking... about what...?」

I only managed to get out that much.

**Shigure:** 「After that incident, I learned that there's no way to keep Nii-sama from attempting to achieve the impossible.」

**Shigure:** 「However, it's also a fact that his dear little sister -- namely me -- is losing sleep from worrying about him so much.」

**Shigure:** 「Then, I thought that maybe having more workers would lessen Nii-sama's burden. That was the best plan.」

**Kashou:** 「...... Huh.」

**Kashou:** 「Even if you increase the number of staff, right now our situation makes things...」

**Shigure:** 「No need to worry, Nii-sama.」

**Shigure:** 「If it's for Nii-sama, I don't need any pay.」

**Kashou:** 「No no no no.」

**Kashou:** 「You have a curfew, and on weekdays, you have school...!」

**Shigure:** 「Yes, that's why it's not just me. The catgirls will be helping, too.」

Shigure turned towards them all.

**Coconut:** 「If Shigure-sama orders are so, I'll work for Kashou-sama.」

**Maple:** 「I guess it can't be helped, then. At least Shigure will give me some allowance, right?」

**Azuki:** 「Geez. It's a pain in the butt, but that's the life of an owned catgirl, I guess.」

**Cinnamon:** 「If I can have Kashou-sama's delicious cake and tea, that's enough for me! ♪」

**Shigure:** 「All of them have Bells and will be immediate assets. You have no objections, correct?」

The catgirls, all in La Soleil uniforms, nodded.

There was no way this was going to change.

The mood made it clear that I wouldn't be able to turn this decision around now.

**Kashou:** 「Uhm, no, wait...」

**Chocola:** 「Welcome, everyone\~! As your superior, Chocola welcomes you\~! ♪」

**Vanilla:** 「I'm happy to be reunited with everyone. This is how it should be.」

**Shigure:** 「Aahh, to think the day would come when I could make sweets with Nii-sama again...!」

**Shigure:** 「I'm... I'm the happiest little sister in the galaxy...!」

**Cinnamon:** 「Isn't that great, Shigure-chan? ♪」

**Cinnamon:** 「But you know, there shouldn't be tears when setting off on a new journey\~ Here, use a handkerchief\~」

**Coconut:** 「Uuuuu, when Shigure-sama is happy, I'm happy too...!」

**Coconut:** 「Good for you, good for you, Shigure-sama... Really...!」

**Azuki:** 「If we become the No. 1 waitress, we get a bonus, right?」

**Azuki:** 「Hyahh! Then every day, I can get a bonus and eat as much fatty tuna I want! Sick!」

**Maple:** 「Azuki is saying stupid things again...」

**Maple:** 「Even though I'm around, she thinks she's going to take the title of No. 1?」

**Kashou:** 「Uhm, no. This isn't a place that does staff contests and stuff like that...」

They kept the conversation going despite me, the owner, objecting.

Even though I said it "kept going," the conversation itself was pretty much done.

Oh well. Of course, having them around would be helpful, I suppose...

**Shigure:** 「Okay, everyone! We're going to open the store\~ Ready?」

**All:** 「Yeah\~ ♪」

**Kashou:** 「... Oh well, I guess this'll work.」

And so, Patisserie "La Soleil"...

... or rather, the cake shop now known as "Neko Paradise"...

... was taking its first steps into a new future ---

